https://www.eventbrite.com/e/tech-career-fair-exclusive-tech-hiring-event-new-tickets-available-tickets-63049080497
Tech Career Fair: Exclusive Tech Hiring Event-New Tickets Available Tickets, Fri, Jul 22, 2022 at 9:00 AM | Eventbrite
Fri, July 22, 2022, 9:00 AM – 12:00 PM PDT

Tech Career Fair US/Canada
[IMPORTANT UPDATE!] :
"With COVID-19 now a global pandemic, the first thing on our minds is your safety! We are hosting ALL of our career fairs  virtually until the public health officials and our own executive team determines it's safe enough to resume them in person. Here is a quick rundown:
Career fair will be tentatively moved virtually/ to a later date, please check the event description for updates or the following steps below to get notified.
If you have not already created your account, do so with the
normal process
as below and you will be notified on the updates of it."
[END OF UPDATE]
We will be hosting a Tech Career Fair with our hiring partners from fast growing startups and Fortune 500 companies in technology in the US/Canada.  There will be a focus on helping companies achieve their diversity and inclusivity initiative with more diverse candidates to their talent pool. Available roles that our hiring companies are looking to fill are of the following:
Software Engineering
Product Management
Data Scientist
AI/Machine Learning Engineer
Data Analyst
UI/UX Design
Marketing
Sales
Steps:
Complete the Sign-up form
here
or the link below and upload your resume to the system to get your QR code/candidate profile link:
https://careerscrossroad.com/signup?code=TechCareerFair2022
*Once your profile is completed and approved, await for outreach by hiring companies for pre-screening interview
Attend the career fair and check-in with your QR code/digital profile link at the hiring companies that you have been assigned with
*Note: This is an invite only event due to limited space and high demand. To increase your chance to be selected by our hiring companies and partners to this event please make sure to follow the instructions and submit a complete profile. Shortlisted candidates will be notified for next steps .To make sure your profile is visible and accessible to hiring partners and companies in their system please make sure you complete your profile and upload your resume to the platform for approval. Approval process timeline varies depending on backlog. Once approved, your profile will be visible to companies.
Employers:
To reserve your spot
signup
here to get your company or get your company on the waitlist
here
for the next event and we will reach out to you with more info if we can slot you in.