https://www.eventbrite.com/e/torture-garden-ny-official-after-party-tickets-342346647037?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Torture Garden NY: Official After Party Tickets, Sat, Jun 25, 2022 at 10:00 PM | Eventbrite
Sat, Jun 25, 2022, 10:00 PM –, Sun, Jun 26, 2022, 5:00 AM EDT

Cruz Cruz
Presents:
Torture Garden - the world’s largest international fetish club - returns to New York over Pride weekend for with an exquisite midsummer afterparty at House of X
Torture Garden New York is produced by Faustian Society to bring you decadent cast of world-class provocateurs.
Submit yourself to an experiment in hedonism designed to elevate and engage all of your senses in our opulent club night featuring international DJs, and provocative sideshow, burlesque, aerial and kink performances.
MUSIC & MAGIC
MR. KOOLAID
WHITNEY FIERCE
CRUZ CRUZ
REMNIQE
EXPERIENCES
Performance Art Absurdity
Visuals & Vibes
D8E
More than just a live stream, D8E is an interactive portal that mixes high quality audio and video feeds from the party at HoX with curated realtime user web camera streams, linking the community to the party from anywhere on earth.  In addition to an interactive dance floor and performance stages, there will be virtual conversation lounges, and users can even create private play rooms to connect one on one with other guests. That said, D8E has been built around user privacy and any live stream from HoX will only capture performers or participants that enthusiastically consent to having a moment in the spotlight.
Visit
beta.d8e.com
to create an account.
DRESS THE FUCK UP
Looks are encouraged for entry.
Freak Fashion, High Style, Art Vibes, express your best essence, feel fierce.
See more inspiration here:
www.pinterest.com/houseofyesnyc/house-of-x
TABLE RESERVATIONS
YES, we have tables! Email
Reservations@houseofx.nyc
or call
833-803-0872
to book your table.
21+ | No Re-Entry
Subscribe to our email list for first access to events & tickets:
https://x.houseofx.nyc/signup
SAFER SPACES POLICY
House of X is a space for everyone to feel welcome. Behave with beauty, connect with intention. We have a zero-tolerance policy for harassment, unwanted touch, and discrimination. ASK FIRST before touching anyone in our House, as consent is required for all physical interactions. Talk to a security guard or manager if someone is making you uncomfortable or violating your boundaries - we will believe you, and we will help. Restrooms in our venue are gender-neutral. Strobe lights are used during performances and parties. Questions? Email info@houseofx.nyc