https://www.eventbrite.com/e/cyber-security-overview-1-day-training-in-jersey-city-nj-tickets-190957187087
Cyber Security Overview 1 Day Training in Jersey City, NJ Tickets, Mon, Jul 4, 2022 at 9:00 AM | Eventbrite
Mon, July 4, 2022, 9:00 AM – 5:00 PM EDT

Course Description:
Cybersecurity overview course enables you to understand various terms in cyberspace, such as cyber risks, threats, vulnerabilities, risk management, and so on. It reviews the impact of several cybercrimes committed over the past few years citing relevant real life case studies and examples.
The course emphasizes on the importance of cybersecurity and provides guidance to senior top management as well as employees on the steps to adopt cybersecurity for an organization. Along with understanding the cybersecurity lifecycle, the course identifies industry standard frameworks and best practices that help an organization to achieve a robust and mature cybersecurity posture.
Course Outline:
CyberCrimes:
Concept, Impact and Examples
Basic terminologies
Definition of cybercrimes
What is Crimeware?
Cybercrimes: Main actors and their motives
Why do cybercrimes occur?
When, and where, and how do cybercrimes occur?
Who are targeted by cybercrimes?
How do cybercrimes occur? Anatomy of cyberattacks
Elements involved in a typical cybercrime breach
Consequences of cybercrimes
Real life impacts of cybercrimes with case studies
Cybersecurity in focus
Cybersecurity definition
Benefits of Cybersecurity
CyberSecurity considerations for management
What the Board-of-Directors needs to ask and consider
Cybersecurity lifecycle
Cybersecurity frameworks
NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF)
ISO 27001 Cybersecurity Framework
ISO 27032 Cybersecurity Framework
COBIT 5
Cybersecurity best practices and tips for employers and employees
Cybersecurity vs. Cyber Resilience
Appendix A – Cybercrimes and Cybersecurity: Basic Terminologies
Learning Objectives:
Understand cyber risks, threats, vulnerabilities, and risk management.
Understand the impact of cybercrimes with relevant real life case studies/examples.
Understand what is cybersecurity and its relationship with IT Security.
Understand what boards of organizations need to ask and consider for adopting or strengthening cybersecurity in their organizations.
Understand the cybersecurity strategy lifecycle.
Identify industry standard frameworks and best practices that help an organization to achieve a robust and mature cybersecurity posture.
Understand why cybersecurity is not enough today and the necessity of adopting cyber resilience.
Course Agenda:
Day 1
CyberCrimes – Concept, Impact, and Examples
Cybersecurity in focus
Who can Attend?
The Cybersecurity Overview course is related to the Cybersecurity Foundation course and is developed to help business leaders and IT professionals understand and plan the adoption of NIST CyberSecurity Framework. For example:
CEO, CIO, CISO and other top management executives
Relevant administrators and IT managers
All employees and individuals of an organization, especially those that are working in the cloud or cyberspace environment
Note:
However, catering to the demands of busy professionals, our virtual training programs are as effective as face-to-face learning. Reach us at info@mangates.com for dates and details of Instructor Led Live Virtual Session.
If you would like to get this course customized and delivered exclusively for your group, we have an On-Site Training Option you can reach us at info@mangates.com for more details about on-site or corporate training.