https://www.eventbrite.com/e/begin-your-tai-chi-journey-an-introduction-to-essential-tai-chi-skills-tickets-357609749387
Begin your Tai Chi journey: An introduction to essential Tai Chi skills Tickets, Sun, Jun 26, 2022 at 11:00 AM | Eventbrite
Sun, Jun 26, 2022, 11:00 AM EDT, 

We're international:
8am PST (Los Angeles CA)
11 am EST (Boston, MA)
3pm GMT
4pm BST (London)
[Please read the release form below before registering.]
Movement is the key
to maintaining mental and physical health.
This series does seasonal training to help  you develop a wide range of skills which will enhance both your health and your practice. We practices basic Tai Chi skills as posting, walking, breathing, stretching, energy work, bone tapping and hand movements.
Even outwardly simple movement when practiced correctly promote organ health, lower body strength and mental focus.
Enjoy learning at home through our online lessons.
U
pon registration, you will receive a link to sign and agree to the following  consent form. (THE LINK IS AT THE END OF THE TICKET)
Release of Liability
I consent to voluntarily participate in  Quality of Life Now, LLC's  (individually and collectively, the “Releasee”) class with knowledge of the danger involved and assume any and all risks of injury, death, or property damage. I acknowledge that I am physically fit to participate in Releasee’s class. I, on behalf of myself, my heirs, next of kin, executors, administrators, and assigns, hereby release and forever discharge Releasee, their respective employees, agents, officers and members, heirs, administrators and executors from any and every claim, demand, action, right of action whatsoever, kind or nature, either in law or equity, arising from or by reason of any bodily injury or personal injuries, known or unknown, death and/or property damages resulting from, or to result from any accident which may occur as a result of my participation in martial arts instruction with Releasee, or any activities in connection with martial arts instruction with Releasee whether by negligence or not. I further release all personnel, employees, agents, officers and members of Releasee, their heirs, administrators and executors from any and every claim, demand, action, right of action whatsoever, kind or nature, either in law or equity, arising from first aid treatment or service rendered by any personnel, employees, agents, officers and members of Releasee, to me, during participation in martial arts instruction. I consent to the Releasee using their discretion to have me transported to a medical facility, in the event of an emergency, wherein I cannot be reached.
I further state that I have carefully read the above release, and know the contents of the release and agree to this release of my own free act.