https://www.eventbrite.com/e/80s-90s-disco-party-throwback-thursday-230-fifth-tickets-339120708167
80s & 90s Disco Party: Throwback Thursday @230 Fifth Tickets, Thu, Jun 30, 2022 at 9:00 PM | Eventbrite
Thu, Jun 30, 2022, 9:00 PM EDT, 

80s & 90s Dance Party @ 230 Fifth
Disco is back! And we are going to party like we're back in the 80s and the 90s!
Reserve your tables
here
!
Follow us on
Instagram
and
Facebook
!
Offerings:
80s and 90s throwback music
Good food and delicious handcrafted cocktails
Access to NYC’s most famous rooftop & penthouse - 230 Fifth
Prime Manhattan location
Incredible skyline view of the city and Empire State Building
Hundreds of guests to meet
Amazing lighting, sound, and decor
Guidelines and Policies:
Age Requirement:
Must be 21 years of age or older.
ID to Enter:
Bring a valid ID that matches purchaser's name.
Time:
Party starts at 9pm.
Vaccination:
Is NOT required to enter.
No Refunds, All Sales Final:
Unforeseen circumstances beyond our control will not be grounds for a refund, including but not limited to the following: local or national weather conditions, natural disasters, waiting in lines, extended waits in lines, family emergencies, medical emergencies including COVID-19 results, employment issues including layoffs, traffic, parking, public or private transportation issues, etc. If you purchased for the incorrect date, location, event, etc, we are not obligated to provide a refund, credit, exchange or transfer. We reserve the right to refuse entry to any ticket-holder, without a refund, for any reason, including but not limited to: disorderly behavior, failing to comply with the rules of the venue, incorrect attire, intoxication, venue capacity, breach of security, and other restrictions. You are aware that Talent is subject to change without notice, which is not grounds for a refund. You are aware that amenities promised are not guaranteed and are not grounds for a refund. Dissatisfaction with any aspect of the event is not grounds for a refund, including but not limited to: music, DJ(s), decorations or lack thereof, party favors or lack thereof, beverages or lack thereof, alcohol selection, bar staff, food availability and selection, fellow patrons/attendees, venue staff, event staff, security, performances, ambiance, amenities, venue, check-in process, seating or lack of seating, wait in lines, emergency closures of event, delayed commencing of events, early ending of events, etc.
Support:
If you encounter a problem at the event, a complaint must be filed within 5 calendar days following the date of the event; failure to contact within the 5-day period will be a complete waiver of your right to request compensation whether monetary or otherwise. You can reach us at events@230-fifth.com
Event Booking:
By purchasing a ticket, you're entitled to entry to event you're purchasing it for; with its corresponding date, start time, and end time. If you do not show up to the event, you understand that you are forfeiting your ticket(s) and therefore your ticketing fee (the entirety of what you paid) will not be returned to you. You are fully liable for your purchase whether or not you are able to attend the event.
Event Cancellations:
If the event is cancelled, you will be refunded the face value of your ticket.
Release of Liability:
By purchasing the tickets through Eventbrite, you hereby release and forever discharge us from any liability or claims for damages that may arise as a result of your attendance and participation at the event, including claims for personal injury, or damage to personal property, or any other claims for negligence on our part. It is hereby understood that the purchase of tickets by you and your participation in the events shall not be construed as an assumption on our part of responsibility, liability, or control of the events.
Indemnity:
By Purchasing tickets for this event, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all claims, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees arising out of or by reason of complying with this Indemnity Clause. You hereby release, remise, and forever discharge us from all manner of actions, causes of actions, suits, debts, judgments, executions, claims, demands whatsoever, known or unknown, in law or equity, which you have ever had, now have, may have, or claim against us.
By placing an order, you are confirming that you received this policy and are agreeing to abide by the clauses within. This policy is a binding contract between you and the event promoter.