https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-york-city-career-fair-tickets-230438266057
New York City Career Fair Tickets, Mon, Aug 22, 2022 at 9:30 AM | Eventbrite
Mon, August 22, 2022, 9:30 AM – 12:30 PM EDT

Join us for this exciting career fair! Meet face to face with recruiters and HR managers from local and Fortune 500 companies to learn about open career opportunities.
Dress to impress and please bring an updated resume.
100% free event for job seekers to attend.
Event details
Hours. 9:30 AM-1:00 PM
Open positions: Hiring managers are onsite to fill positions in sales, retail, customer service, education, admissions, production, financial services, banking engineering, healthcare, project management and more*.
Hiring companies: For a list of open positions and attending companies please forward your resume, city of employment and salary requirements to: hr@nationwidecareerfairs.com
A list of companies will be provided to confirmed attendees 72 hours prior to the career fair.
Looking to hire? Employers join us. There is still time to register for this event and advertise your open positions to job seekers every day. Please complete the registration process at the link below: http://www.nationwidecareerfairs.com/employers/
* Not all positions are represented at each career fair. For a list of open positions and attending companies please forward your resume, salary requirements and city of employment to: hr@nationwidecareerfairs.com . Confirmed attendees are registered with the hiring companies upon receipt of a applicant resume.
COVID-19 Policy. Nationwide Career Fairs complies with local and state COVID-19 guidelines. Face coverings are required for entry into the career fair if posted by the venue hosting the event.  A career fair may be rescheduled due to circumstances outside of our control for multiple reasons. You are strongly encouraged to register as an applicant on our website to receive the latest updates.  A minimum of 72 hours notice will be given if a career fair is rescheduled. Travel across state lines is not recommended to attend a career fair. Each attending company has their own hiring and application guidelines.  Please contact us to submit a resume in advance to the attending companies.
Special Accommodation requests must be made in writing and received at least 21 days prior to the career fair for consideration.  Third party platforms notifications are not always received in a timely manner.