https://www.eventbrite.com/e/come-meet-a-black-person-anti-racism-virtual-series-tickets-198414492087
"Come Meet A Black Person" Anti-Racism Virtual Series Tickets, Sun, Jul 10, 2022 at 3:00 PM | Eventbrite
Sun, July 10, 2022, 3:00 PM – 5:00 PM EDT

Racism
is at the forefront of all conversations today in this country. America was built upon racism and is a part of all systems and structures.
In order to eliminate racism, white America must solve this problem.
The Black community is critical in giving whites and other non-Blacks the real history and the Black experience.
The first step is to acknowledge white privilege. To do that, we invite you to join us and take the "White Privilege Test" during
"Come Meet A Black Person"
networking event where non-Blacks interact genuinely with a group of diverse Black people.
"Come Meet A Black Person"
is an open forum for human beings to start better relationships with each other across our cultural and racial differences.
"Come Meet A Black Person" is open to all races and cultures
and includes guest speakers, interactive questionnaires, open conversations and an awesome group of participants. We will interact in #RacismTalkRooms and #BlackExperienceRooms as we do our part in eradicating racism in America.
Once you register for a ticket to the event here, the Zoom join information will be on the ticket. Here is the  Zoom registration link -
https://us06web.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZ0qdOChqDIuG9yPq32a3uoXh_CxQ__Ynxs3
Topics:
2/13/2022 - What Do You Know About Black History and Culture?
We will have fun discovering some historical facts that are seldom shared about the African-American/Black Culture. We will discuss  Whoppi Goldberg's  current controversy and  around  white supremacy - which is the only racism -- as well as solution(s). Take the White Privilege Test. New book of the month announced.
3/13/2022
-
The New Boogeyman: Critical Race Theory
. We will have a conversation of the new distraction and attempt of White Supremacy to erase history. Who is Dr. Frances Cress Welsing and why is she important to know? We will discuss a current topic around  white supremacy and racism.  Take the White Privilege Test and learn about our anti-racism partner -- www.mywhiteally.com. New book of the month announced.
4/10/2022 - What Happened to All of the 'Woke' White Folks?
Where did all the white 'woke' folks go who were so vocal in 2020?  We will discuss a current topic around  white supremacy and racism, along with solutions. Take the White Privilege Test and learn about our anti-racism partner --
www.mywhiteally.com
. New book of the month announced.
Put your white privilege to good use! Join our
MYWHITEALLY.COM
program today.