https://www.eventbrite.com/e/nyc-popup-all-white-dinner-soiree-dans-le-parc-tickets-208991448047
NYC Popup All White Dinner  - Soirée Dans le Parc Tickets, Sat, Jul 23, 2022 at 5:00 PM | Eventbrite
Sat, July 23, 2022, 5:00 PM – 10:00 PM EDT

COME FOR THE EXPERIENCE, STAY FOR THE PARTY!
Let's continue the fun at NYC Soiree Dans le Parc!
The Concept
: The beauty of a Popup is the transformation of a space into the most elaborate space for entertaining. Be part of the transformation and fun.
Dress Code
: Guests are dressed in sophisticated and elegant "all white" attire. WHITE is mandatory. Guests use their imagination with accessories (hats, scarves, masks, gloves etc.)
Dinner
:  Guests bring their picnic baskets with their favorite 3-course menu (appetizer, entrée, dessert), along with their fine white dinnerware, silverware, wine & champagne glasses.
Tables
: 8 ft banquet tables, chairs and tablecloths are provided. Be creative with the table décor (centerpieces, candles, runners, flowers), don't forget your white napkins.
Location
: The mystery surrounding this unique event is the "secret location", which will be announced @ noon on day of event. Check your email.
Entertainment
: NYC top DJs- Everyone expected to hit the dance floor/area
Be prepared to dance under the stars at one of the city's most picturesque locations with amazing city views.  You will to be amazed!  Pack a meal, decorations and your fav beverage and join the fun.
FAQs
What is the purpose of the fee?
A production of this scope has significant costs - insurance, potties, rentals of space, tables, linen, tents, chairs, transport, sanitation, security, permits, entertainment, and more. Fees offset these costs.
Are there ID or minimum age requirements to enter the event?
Yes, 21 and over
How do groups sit together?
Have a guest or two arrive at   start time to secure table then others join later
What should I bring into the event?
A self-catered meal and fine dinner ware, white cloth napkins.  Flowers, wine, non-flammable candles, masks. EB receipt.
How can I contact the organizer with any questions?
info@thesignaturesociety.com or Call / 914 363.9241
What's the refund policy?
Up to 7 days before event