https://www.eventbrite.com/e/well-wisher-last-minet-sodium-sky-tickets-366301356217
Well Wisher, Last Minet & Sodium Sky Tickets, Thu, Jul 28, 2022 at 8:00 PM | Eventbrite
Thu, July 28, 2022, 8:00 PM – 11:00 PM EDT

Well Wisher
From the opening notes of Well Wisher's debut full length, This is Fine, it's clear the band are not afraid to brandish mighty guitar riffage front and center. In fact, they tiptoe perfectly between sounds that, on hasty assessment, could be classified singularly as punk, alternative, or even pop rock; yet, they seem to draw only the best elements of each, avoiding the less desirable pitfalls associated with these genres. The resulting sound is ambitious and raw, dynamic and powerful.
Some of that power is owed to the deep current of lyrical content flowing just below the surface of seemingly happy, hook-laden tunes. Songwriter/ guitarist Natalie Newbold mined her own past from tumultuous, long-term relationships for the bulk of the inspiration throughout This is Fine, resulting in a level of candor and self-reflection not often embedded in such catchy rock songs. This potent recipe has earned Well Wisher a reputation as one of the most promising new bands to arise from the New Jersey DIY scene.
Originally started as a solo project for Newbold, Well Wisher has taken shape as a full band, touring frequently despite their relative newness. They have already shared the stage with Manchester Orchestra, The Front Bottoms, New Found Glory, The Movielife, Remo Drive, Beach Bunny, Camp Cope, Kississippi, and many more, and plan to continue touring extensively throughout the remainder of this year and into the next.
Last Minet
Last Minet is a high-energy alternative pop punk band from New Jersey. Creating and performing 100% original music every chance they get, they have been delivering their own brand of power-infused pop punk since 2006. What was originally a raw, down-and-drity all-female band has grown and evolved into the current lineup, which features founding member Zuri Fadul on vocals and guitar joined by Jovanna Cedeno on drums.
Citing their primary influences as being each other, they enjoy feeding off of each other’s sounds and ideas, but the underlying message remains the same: live, breathe, eat, play music. It’s the catharsis, the way they are able to lose themselves in the sound, and the connection they feel with each other as well as their audience.
Their high-spirited head-banging, rabble-rousing performances have dominated countless stages across the tri-state area, and surrounding states. The band has been offered a slot on Van’s Warped tour two years running, in 2011 and 2012. Last Minet has also had a performance on BET's Music Matters, on the legendary stage at The Stone Pony, the original Knitting Factory, and hundreds more.
Their debut album Live For Love has been independently released November 11th, 2015.   Their newest singles "Gave It All Up", "Don't Hold Back", "Take Over The World" and "All In (acoustic) and full band, have all debuted throughout 2021.
Sodium Sky
bio