https://www.eventbrite.com/e/egg-rolls-egg-creams-and-empanadas-street-festival-tickets-319994711797?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Egg Rolls, Egg Creams, and Empanadas Street Festival Tickets, Sun, Jun 26, 2022 at 12:00 PM | Eventbrite
Sun, June 26, 2022, 12:00 PM – 4:00 PM EDT

Come eat and celebrate with us!
In its 21st year, the
Egg Rolls, Egg Creams, and Empanadas Street Festival
is a celebration of the diverse cultures that make up our Lower East Side and Chinatown community. Experience the spirit of this ever-changing neighborhood and the immigrant experience in New York City today through music, dance, crafts, cultural practices, foodways, and more!
Featuring:
La Manga
Lion, Fan, and Ribbon Dancers from New York Chinese Cultural Center
Frank London and his Klezmer band
Yiddish singing from The Mamales
Vejigantes masks with Felipe Rangel
Paper cutting and folding with Ling Tang
Food demonstrations from Alina Shteynberg and Maria Bido
Legacy Women
Yiddish instrumental duo, Eléonore Biezunski and Pete Rushefsky
Chinese music and opera from:
Melody of Dragon
and
Oriental Operatic Artists Association
...and so much more!
We are so pleased to be partnering with our Lower East Side neighbors including:
Loisaida, CPC Open Door Senior Center, Think!Chinatown, Henry Street Settlement and
Kehila Kedosha Janina
Synagogue and Museum
Registration preferred but not necessary. All are welcome!
The
Egg Rolls, Egg Creams, and Empanadas Festival
is supported, in part, by the National Endowment for the Arts; New York State Council on the Arts with the support of the Office of the Governor and the New York State Legislature; the Office of the Manhattan Borough President / Honorable Mark Levine; New York City Department of Cultural Affairs in Partnership with the City Council; NYC & Company Foundation; and the Shanti Foundation for Intercultural Understanding.
The Festival will take place on Eldridge Street between Division and Canal Streets.
For COVID-19 safety, we will only be offering outside activities.
The Museum will be closed to visitors.