https://www.eventbrite.com/e/dark-toons-tickets-340207719447?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Dark Toons Tickets, Thu, Aug 4, 2022 at 7:30 PM | Eventbrite
Thu, August 4, 2022, 7:30 PM – 11:00 PM EDT

Date:
Thursday, August 4th
Venue:
Brooklyn Commons Park
Address:
5 MetroTech Center, Brooklyn, NY 11201
7:30 PM:
Doors Open
8:00 PM:
Live Music
9:00 PM:
Films Begin
10:30 PM:
Q&A with Filmmakers
THE FILMS
Anxious Body
Yoriko Mizushiri | France, Japan | 5
Our body feels something and becomes anxious, and because it is anxious, it wants to feel something.
Compositions for Understanding Relationships
David De La Fuente | US | 5
Compositions for Understanding Relationships is a short animated film that takes the shape of a “love letter.” This concept is examined as various forms of relationships are brought on throughout the film. Taken in out and out of the romantic context, the viewer gazes upon the dynamic play of the variables of composition such as color, form, balance, proportion, and unity. Bleeding images of the human form elicits the emotions of love.
Cucumbers (Ogurtsy)
Leonid Shmelkov | Russia, France | 15
Simon is a successful photographer, but he develops a problem. He begins seeing cucumbers everywhere. He cannot go on as before, so what will he do?
Dad is Gone
Pere Ginard | Spain | 4
Dad is Gone. Dad is Ghost. Dad is Thing… spinning in his own skin.
Dissolution (Ontbinding)
Dries Bogaert | Belgium | 8
A society of pink creatures live on top of a tower in peace under one unwritten rule, "Wait your turn in line to the top". But this all suddenly gets undermined when a citizen does not comply with this way of living.
Easter Eggs
Nicolas Keppens | Belgium, France, Netherlands | 15
In an ordinary Belgian village, two bored teenagers are looking for something extraordinary.
Eat Your Carrots
Laura Stewart | Canada | 3
Carrots are good for your eyes. Maybe too good. Eat Your Carrots is a short stop motion animation about a girl who finds an eyeball growing on her arm.
Five Cents
Aaron Hughes | US | 5
After coming across a coin purse, a passerby finds himself on a perilous journey toward economic turmoil. Drawn by hand on thousands of market data pages from The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and the Financial Times with ink, white-out, gouache paint, gold leaf and other materials.
Something in the Garden
Marcos Sánchez | Chile | 6
During a quiet night in the suburbs, a young man goes searching for a mysterious and dangerous presence in his neighbor's backyard.
Steakhouse
Špela Čadež | Slovenia | 9
The steak has been marinating for a few days now. The pan is heated. Franc’s stomach is rumbling. But Liza’s co-workers surprise her with a birthday party. Will she be home on time?
Swallow the Universe
Luis Nieto | France, Japan | 12
The grandiloquent blood-and-thunder saga of a young child lost in Manchuria's deep jungle. His sudden presence creates anarchy in the fauna's primitive world, which was, until then, perfectly organized.
.........................................
RSVP DOES NOT GUARANTEE ENTRY. SEATING IS FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
IN THE EVENT OF RAIN, SHOW WILL BE RESCHEDULED AT THE SAME LOCATION. NO ALCOHOL IS PERMITTED.
.........................................
FAQs
Do I need to bring a chair?
Chairs will be provided. You are welcome to bring our own lawn chair but will need to sit on the side of or behind the provided seating.
Can I bring food and drinks?
No alcoholic beverages are allowed. Feel free to bring snacks and non-alcoholic beverages! Food and drink must be consumed while you are sitting in your designated area.
I’m vaccinated, do I need to wear a mask?
All attendees are required to wear a mask during check in, and while indoors. Masks are encouraged while interacting with staff outdoors. Mask policy may be updated based on current local conditions at the time of the event. Ticket holders will be notified of policy changes via email prior to the event.
What COVID-19 Measures Have Been Taken?
In addition to vaccination requirements, COVID-19 safety measures include: options for socially distanced seating, and masks encouraged. All attendees and staff are required to wear a mask while interacting. You will also be reminded of the mandatory safety measures via email and on-screen.
COVID-19 safety measures and requirements may be updated or changed based on current guidance at the time of the event.
Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event?
Rooftop Films are open to all ages.
What are my transport/parking options getting to the event?
For a full list of Rooftop Films venues and directions visit www.rooftopfilms.com/venues
How accessible is this venue?
This venue is accessible to all. If you have any concerns, please email us at tickets@rooftopfilms.com or call at 718-417-7362 for more information.