https://www.eventbrite.com/e/thurs-swap-shop-pass-tickets-153966388613?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Thurs. Swap Shop Pass Tickets, Multiple Dates | Eventbrite
--no date--

Visit the Sustainable Fashion Community Center this summer and help put the sustainable fashion movement forward.
Check-In to donate clothing that no longer serves you. Looking is free. Grab a check-out ticket in advance and save $5.
How to Swap?
Grab a free Check-In ticket to donate clothing
Clean out your closet.
Say hi at the Welcome Desk.
Browse the racks and select new to you threads.
Check-out by heading back to the Welcome Desk. [Check-out in advance and save $5]
Didn’t find anything? No worries! Happy to take your items or give them back for next time.
Can't get enough?
Become a member
and partake in unlimited swapping!
What if I bring more than I take?
We are working on creating a system that keeps track of your swap items. Thanks for your patience as we experiment with different swap systems.
What if I take more than I brought?
No worries! We aren’t super strict. We will limit the amount you take to 10 items.
Where do unswappable items go?
We have numerous partners who help us navigate where items can be recycled, reused, and repurposed. Thank you to Wearable Collections, Green Textile Recycling, Thred UP, and the Department of Sanitation/Donate NYC for providing solutions to textile waste.
POWERED BY:
ChaShaMa:
Chashama supports artists by partnering with property owners to transform dormant real estate into space to create, present, and connect, with the mission to increase equity and bolster access to the arts. For over two decades Chashama has played a central role in sustaining New York’s vibrant artistic community by giving space to 20,000 artists, hosting 4,000 public art events, providing 1,500 free art classes in under-resourced communities, and reaching an audience of nearly a million. Chashama was founded in 1995 by Artistic Director Anita Durst to remedy what she observed to be the greatest threat artists faced: the lack of affordable space. Since its inception Chashama has worked collaboratively with artists, property owners, and the New York community to activate space and support under-resourced communities, establishing itself as a well-regarded cultural force on a mission to increase access to the arts for all.
About NYC Fair Trade Coalition:
The NYC Fair Trade Coalition is a grassroots organization that promotes fair trade businesses and retailers in New York City and educates consumers on the importance of fair trade. It partners with ethically-aligned businesses, retailers, NGOs, and citizens in New York City to host events and engage the public in dialogue. It offers its members advertising support through its social media channels, coordinates sales events, and fosters networking among ethical and fair trade businesses.