https://www.eventbrite.com/e/dirty-circus-pride-weekend-tickets-327539869567?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Dirty Circus Pride Weekend Tickets, Sat, Jun 25, 2022 at 6:30 PM | Eventbrite
Sat, June 25, 2022, 6:30 PM – 9:30 PM EDT

A variety show dedicated to the raw & the raunchy.
Aerial. Circus. Absurdity.
Skill. Hilarity. Brilliance.
The finest, fittest and most ferocious performers, curated to perfection and presented on our stage for your enjoyment.
Created by the House of Yes co-founders:
Kae Burke
&
Anya Sapozhnikova
.
Told in 3 acts, not for the faint of heart.
With
Junior Mint
Shows like Dirty Circus are our Heart and Soul. They allow us to showcase the best talent in the entire city, and bring it to you at a fraction of the cost. Because we love you.
TABLES:
YES, we have tables!- contact
Reservations@houseofyes.org
or text 833-803-0872 to book yours 🍾
SPA SEATING:
At every Dirty Circus show, one lucky guest (+ whoever they invite with them) will have the opportunity to have an unforgettable experience of watching the show from the best seat in the house - our vintage clawfoot bathtub! As part of this spa seating we will pamper you with handmade bubbles, fresh towels, personal butler and other surprises. Access to this seating starts at 7:00pm sharp. Get here early.
SPLASH ZONE
: Occasionally, we get extra messy at Dirty Circus. Some acts may include water. We will clearly mark all seats that fall within the splash zone, so you can make an informed decision about just how wet you want to get.
Doors at 6:30pm | Show at 7:30pm
Seating is not guaranteed after 7:30pm
21+
Subscribe to our email list for first access to events & tickets:
bit.ly/YESEMAILS
* * *  SAFER SPACES POLICY * * *
House of Yes is a space for everyone to feel welcome. We have a zero tolerance policy for harassment, unwanted touch, and discrimination. Always ASK before touching anyone at our events. If someone is making you uncomfortable, speak to a security guard or ask for a manager. We will believe you, and we will help. All restrooms in our venue are gender neutral. The entrance to the venue is ADA accessible. Strobe lights are used during performances and parties. Find out more at houseofyes.org/SAFER