https://www.eventbrite.com/e/371306607057
Rooftop Networking Event In NYC Tickets, Fri, Jun 24, 2022 at 7:00 PM | Eventbrite
Fri, June 24, 2022, 7:00 PM – 10:00 PM EDT

Whether you are an entrepreneur, small business owner or business professional, this event is the perfect opportunity to get away from your desk, have some cocktails and network with potential business partners, investors, industry professionals and new clients.... Or just come on out and make some new friends! We've witnessed countless business connections and friendships form at our past events. There are no speakers or sales pitches, just a great night connecting with real people. Make new friends, meet your next business connection or simply mingle with accomplished individuals. A lot of the crowd will likely be singles so it can also be a great event to meet someone at.
//// Want to see all of the most fun events coming in NYC? Go to
FriendzyEvents.com
and join the mailing list or go to the following link and then click the "Follow" button. You'll then be notified when new events are posted:
http://bestsocialevents.eventbrite.com
////
* You will not be able to sign up at the venue. You have to get your free ticket here online and show it to the event host (either print it or show digital ticket on your phone)
* Please keep in mind that NYC venues are checking vaccination cards.
FAQ:
Can I come alone? Absolutely! Typically about 75% of the crowd comes alone
What is the suggested age range? All ages are welcome
Do I have to arrive at exactly 7:00 PM? Doors open at 6:45 and the event officially starts at 7:00 PM. Feel free to arrive any time between 6:45 PM and 7:30 PM
How many people will be there? Based on past events we expect about 100 people to be in attendance
Is there music? Yes, there will be great music playing at just the right volume for mingling
Are there drinks? Yes, there's a full menu of great drink specials available at the bar.
Is food available? Yes you can order food. The venue has a full food menu and great appetizers available to order.
What is the dress code? While there's no official dress code we ask that you don't wear gym gear or baseball caps. What you wear to work in likely perfectly fine.
Who attends the event? Professionals of all sorts and ages.
Can I arrive late? Absolutely. Arrive any time you'd like.
An email we received about one of our recent events: "Thank you so much for throwing such a great event. The crowd was really great and everyone was super friendly. As a busy professional I don't get that much time to get out and meet people so it was nice to be in such a relaxed environment. Event well done!" - Danielle, NYC