https://www.eventbrite.com/e/speed-dating-new-jersey-singles-event-who-do-you-relish-tickets-332273287347
Speed Dating New Jersey | Singles Event | Who Do You Relish? Tickets, Fri, Jul 8, 2022 at 7:00 PM | Eventbrite
Fri, July 8, 2022, 7:00 PM – 9:00 PM EDT

It's all about what you Relish and finding someone to Relish those things with. If you're tired of online dating, exhausted by meeting someone only to discover they're nothing like their profile - we offer an alternative. Bringing together comfortably chic venues with a cosmopolitan sensibility. A sophisticated no frills approach to singles events. We've done away with the whistles, name-tags and over the top party trimmings. Unparalleled service and personable hosts all in an environment - just your speed. A fresh alternative to typical events that seem more like a job fair than a relaxed way to connect.
Whether it be a romantic dinner, wine tasting, concert or festival - bar crawl or fitness class - maybe even a Mud Run! Do what you Relish with whom you Relish.
Speed Dating @ JSQ Lounge - July 8th 2022
Ages: 26-38 | 7PM
50 Journal Square Plaza, Jersey City, NJ 07306
For more information visit us at: DoRelish.com
Or email us at: info@dorelish.com
http://www.dorelish.com
We think the best relationships are forged when we are comfortable, relaxed and free of pressure. Preferring instead to think of the evening as a casual night out where one can truly be themselves. We do not use traditional 'speed dating' offerings such as bells, whistles and name-tags. Instead we focus on creating an atmosphere conducive to meeting others; a great venue, a personable host and a staff to assist.
Upon arriving at your chosen event - locate your event host. Your host will assist in setting you up with your scorecard for the evening. A simple and convenient way to keep track of whom you enjoyed meeting and those that you would like to see again. Should you have any questions - feel free to ask away. Take the time before the event starts to settle in - have a beverage if you would like and mingle should you wish. The speed dating portion of the event begins once all daters have arrived, checked in and had a moment or two to relax and unwind.
During the event, Ladies will stay seated and the Gentleman will rotate from table to table every 5 - 6 minutes. Our host will guide the Gentleman to let them know when their time is up and facilitate in seeing them to the next table. The goal is to find someone you would like to speak with further. Don't fret about figuring out if person is the one or the perfect person for you. Consider it the date before the date. Select those you would like to meet again and give the completed scorecard back to your host at the end of the evening. Our staff will tabulate the results and email you the following day with your results. If you choose someone and they chose you - it's a match. You will be given each others first name and email address. The rest is up to you.
Relish Dating is uniquely ushering in the new era of dating. As all guests are registered within a private network, Relish Dating is positioned to responsibly resume in-person meetups while assisting in the CDC’s Contact Tracing recommendation by alerting all guests in attendance should a guest of Relish Dating report a positive COVID-19 result. Relish Dating is able to identify who was in attendance at the event and get in contact with them to maximize safety and stop the spread of COVID-19.
Our highest priority is to maintain the safety and well being of our daters and hosts. To help protect all attendees, we have introduced a brief but beneficial pre-screening questionnaire and implemented a wide range of safety precautions. For more information about our measures and events please
click here
.