https://www.eventbrite.com/e/unravelling-nfts-non-fungible-tokens-new-york-city-tickets-331161471877?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Unravelling NFTs (Non Fungible Tokens)| New York City Tickets, Multiple Dates | Eventbrite
--no date--

The workshop presents you with an opportunity to understand the basic concepts of NFT’s (Non-Fungible Tokens), and what makes them so special in today’s technologically advanced world.
We aim to empower you with concrete knowledge and understanding of various dynamics of NFT’s and enable you to get started with the decentralized new economy and its benefits over centralized finance.
Would you like a 5% discount on this training? Click
here
to get the discount code.
Learning Objectives:
Understand the basics of NFT's (Non-Fungible Tokens).
Discover Use Cases applied to various industries.
Learn about getting into NFT's
Understanding the risks and benefits of investing in NFT.
Agenda:
Blockchain Fundamentals
The decentralized Layer
Blockchain-based NFT's
History of NFT's
NFT's market
Busting the myths around NFT's
The future of NFT's
Questions & Answers
Prerequisite:
No prior knowledge of blockchain or NFT's (Non-Fungible Tokens) is required.
Who can participate:
Anyone with an interest in NFT's (Non-Fungible Tokens), new economy, generation of bankless, cryptocurrency, and trading.
By the end of this course, you will have:
Sound understanding of various aspects of NFTs (Non Fungible Tokens).
Ability to make informed decisions about choosing your next investment opportunities in NFT space.
Certificate of attainment.
Note:
Subject to Terms & Conditions. Individual pricing only, for corporates, please contact us via our
website
or drop an email at contact@blocksmartsol.com.
If you are looking for alternate payment options, please contact us via our
website
or drop an email at contact@blocksmartsol.com.
Any advice or suggestion shared during the workshop is not financial advice. You should consider your circumstances before making an investment. Trading digital currencies is a high-risk investment, and due consideration should be taken before making any investment decision.
It will be a live online event. The link will be shared after you register for the event.
FAQs
What can I bring to the event?
A curious mind. :)
How can I contact the organizer with any questions?
You can contact us via our website or drop an email at contact@blocksmartsol.com
Will I get any documents for attending this workshop?
Yes. You will receive a BSS attainment certificate after the workshop.
Is the certificate shareable on social media (e.g. LinkedIn)?
Yes. It is a digital certificate and you can share it with your peers/colleagues via social media (e.g. LinkedIn).
Is there any group discount?
Yes. Please reach out via our
website
or drop an email at contact@blocksmartsol.com
What's the refund policy?
Upto 2 weeks before the event. Please contact us in case you need to make any changes.
Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?
No need. It is a webinar and all you would need is a working computer and internet connection.
Is my registration fee or ticket transferrable?
Yes. Please let us know up until 48 hours before the event.
Is it ok if the name on my ticket or registration doesn't match the person who attends?
Yes. Please let us know up until 48 hours before the event.