https://www.eventbrite.com/e/star-studded-cryptocurrency-seminar-new-york-tickets-349039304957?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Star-Studded Cryptocurrency Seminar New York Tickets, Sat, Sep 24, 2022 at 9:00 AM | Eventbrite
Sat, September 24, 2022, 9:00 AM – 8:00 PM EDT

Cryptocurrency Seminar New York
Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies are now one of the most talked-about innovations with the promise of disruptive innovations and new ways decentralization can help business, people, and society. To reach this potential we must collaborate to form a more equitable future.
About this event
Our Mission at Cryptocurrency Seminar New York is focused on the delivery of Education, Innovation and creating Community in the Cryptocurrency space to help users easily learn about cryptocurrency.
Here you will gain knowledge on the power of cryptocurrency and blockchain applications like bitcoin and other token-based initiatives, guided by crypto-economics and Fintech experts across the globe.
We aim to bring together all disciplines under one roof including Developers, Creatives, Brands, Influencers/Celebrities, Investors and Project Owners.
Our event series feature Celebrity Keynote Speakers, Speaker Panels, Workshops, NFT Auctions, and more.
Anyone interested in crypto or NFTs in general is welcome to come join us! We welcome those at any level.
OUR SPEAKERS
Daymond John
Founder/CEO of FUBU, Presidential Ambassador for Global Entrepreneurship, Star of ABC's Shark Tank and CEO of The Shark GroupFrom humble beginnings to a self-made multimillionaire with over $6 billion to date in global product sales and a starring role on ABC’s business reality TV show, Shark Tank.
As "The People's Shark", Daymond continues to set standards of excellence while expanding his interests in fashion, branding, marketing, consulting, entertainment, and beyond. This industry leader, best-selling author, and ground breaking entrepreneurial expert has evolved into a highly sought after business and motivational speaker.
Know More About Daymond John
https://www.cryptoseminarnyc.com/daymond-john
Laura Shin
Crypto/Blockchain Journalist; Host of "Unchained" Podcast; Former Senior Editor & Contributor at ForbesLaura Shin is a crypto journalist and hosts the crypto podcast Unchained.
Formerly a senior editor at Forbes, she was the first mainstream journalist to cover crypto full-time and is the author of the forthcoming book, The Cryptopians: Idealism, Greed, Lies, and the Making of the First Big Cryptocurrency Craze. She graduated Phi Beta Kappa with Honors from Stanford University and has a master of arts from Columbia University’s School of Journalism
Know More About Laura Shin
https://www.cryptoseminarnyc.com/laura-shin
John Hargraves
CEO of MEDIA SHOWER, the award-winning media company. Publisher of BITCOIN MARKET JOURNAL, trusted by 100,000 crypto investors monthly. Author of the bestselling BLOCKCHAIN FOR EVERYONE (Simon & Schuster). Ranked #1 on list of Top Blockchain Speakers.
"Investing in Cryptocurrency: The Easy Way"
Warren Buffett made famous the "value approach" to investing: buy good companies with strong financials and excellent managers, and hold on to them for the long term. In the new world of cryptocurrency, a "value-based approach" is not only possible, it's the easiest way to build wealth in this fast-growing asset class. In this talk from crypto investing expert John Hargrave (author of "Blockchain for Everyone: How I Learned the Secrets of the New Millionaire Class" and editor of the daily crypto investing newsletter Bitcoin Market Journal), you'll learn:
How a simple mix of the top cryptocurrencies has outperformed the S&P 500
Which crypto assets to buy, and how to set up a monthly auto-investment
How to evaluate new cryptocurrencies to pick future winning investments
Know More About John Hargraves https://www.cryptoseminarnyc.com/john-hargraves
Anthony Scaramucci
Anthony Scaramucci is the founder and managing partner of SkyBridge, a global alternative investment firm, and founder and chairman of SALT, a global thought leadership forum and venture studio. Prior to founding SkyBridge in 2005, Scaramucci co-founded investment partnership Oscar Capital Management, which was sold to Neuberger Berman in 2001. Earlier, he worked in Private Wealth Management at Goldman Sachs & Co.
In 2022, Scaramucci was ranked #47 in Cointelegraph’s Top 100 Influencers in Crypto and Blockchain. In 2016, he was ranked #85 in Worth Magazine’s Power 100: The 100 Most Powerful People in Global Finance. In 2011, he received Ernst & Young’s New York Financial Services “Entrepreneur of the Year” Award. Anthony is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) and a board member of the Federal Enforcement Homeland Security Foundation.
He is the author of five books.Scaramucci served on President Donald J. Trump’s 16-person Presidential Transition Team Executive Committee, and in 2017 briefly served as Chief Strategy Officer of the Export-Import (EXIM) Bank and White House Communications Director. Scaramucci, a native of Long Island, New York, holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from Tufts University and a Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School.
Know More About Anthony Scramucci
https://www.cryptoseminarnyc.com/anthony-scaramucci
Doors Open At 8AM (EST)on September 24th, 2022
Event Begins at 9:00am
Title Sponsor Keynote
Fireside chat with Laura Shin
Digital Securities Panel
Panel Discussions with Bronx Boys Crypto
Lunch
Investment Funds & the Future of Securities Panel
Institutional Adoption of Digital Assets Panel
Real Estate on the Blockchain Panel
Alternative Trading Systems Panel
US Regulation Panel
Title Keynote chat with Daymond John
VIP Dinner
If you are interested to learn more about Cryptocurrency, Register Now!!! As Seat are limited!!!