https://www.eventbrite.com/e/nyc-blockchain-network-meetup-tickets-269861722677
NYC Blockchain Network Meetup Tickets, Thu, Jul 21, 2022 at 5:00 PM | Eventbrite
Thu, July 21, 2022, 5:00 PM – 9:00 PM EDT

We hold regular 3rd Thursday monthly
Blockchain networking events in New York City
to support idea generation and connections. These events help to foster a strong ecosystem for blockchain innovation in New York City.
Come as you are, if you are part of the growing blockchain sector or are simply interested or curious let’s unfold this unlimited potential together.  On average 150+ passionate people just like you attend the event.
RSVP for the
NYC Blockchain Network Meetup
WHY THIS GROUP?
Regular monthly meetings help to support relationship building, really getting to know people, and creating a lasting network effect in our community.
Connections turn into relationships, ideas into innovations, and collaborations into transformative impact. This isn’t a one-time conference or event. Come as you are and experience passionate people, purposeful introductions, and unexpected opportunities.
Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies are now one of the most talked-about innovations with the promise of disruptive innovations and new ways decentralization can help business, people, and society. To reach this potential we must collaborate to form a more equitable future.
https://nycblockchainnetwork.com/
Video Filming Disclaimer:
I understand that this event may be filmed, and that NYC Blockchain may use video, audio, and still photographs from the event (the "Materials") for promotional purposes.  By registering for or attending the event, I consent to being recorded and to NYC Blockchain's unlimited and perpetual use, without fee, of my name, image, likeness, voice, and contributions that might be embodied in the Materials for NYC Blockchain's promotional purposes.  I waive any right that I may have to review or approve any versions of the Materials, and I hereby release NYC Blockchain from any and all claims for any violation of any personal or proprietary right I may have in connection with its use of the Materials.