https://www.eventbrite.com/e/general-admission-tickets-154032034963?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
General Admission Tickets, Multiple Dates | Eventbrite
--no date--

All guests, Newark Residents, and affiliate partners must reserve tickets in advance. There will be no on-site ticket sales. Membership cards and other applicable IDs will be verified upon entry.
For members, your card is your ticket, no advance ticketing is necessary.
Effective March 28, 2022, the Museum will no longer require proof of vaccination, negative COVID-19 tests, or temperature screenings. The use of masks will be strongly encouraged but not mandatory.
The Planetarium, MakerSPACE, and the Alice Ransom Dreyfuss Memorial Garden will accommodate visitors at full capacity. However, public tours will be kept to a maximum capacity of 15 people on a first come, first served basis.
Ticket holders who choose to cancel their visit can send an email to info@newarkmuseumart.org with your name, email, ticket day and time, and number of tickets to be refunded.
General | info@newarkmuseumart.org
Membership | membership@newarkmuseumart.org
Groups | groupsales@newarkmuseumart.org
MUSEUM HOURS
Thursday through Sunday, 10am–11am — Members and Member Guests only
Thursday through Sunday, 11am–5pm — All Visitors
WHAT IS CLOSED?
For your safety, high-touch and small-space areas will remain closed, including Ballantine House,  Fire Museum, and the Museum’s 1784 Old Stone School House.
WHAT IS OPEN?
See what's currently on view:
Global Contemporary, Special Exhibitions
, and
Collections Galleries
. Planetarium (Saturdays only). The Alice Ransom Dreyfuss Garden will be open during Museum hours.
MOBILE GUIDE
Explore The Newark Museum of Art with our new mobile guide on the Bloomberg Connects app. The guide features audio and video content about the museum collection, in-depth information on exhibitions, videos about New Jersey artists, two games for families, and more. Audio descriptions are also available for select objects for our blind and low vision visitors.
Download
Bloomberg Connects from the App Store or Google Play on your device. Open the app and look for The Newark Museum of Art icon to start your experience.
GUIDELINES
Effective March 28, 2022, the Museum will no longer require proof of vaccination, negative COVID-19 tests, or temperature screenings. The use of masks will be strongly encouraged but not mandatory.
Please have your digital or printed ticket ready to show to our Visitor Experience Assistant. You can find your digital ticket(s) in your confirmation email, your Eventbrite tickets page, or via your Eventbrite app. Membership cards and other applicable IDs will be verified upon entry.
Visitors may stay in the Museum until closing. There is no re-entry.
Visitors may enter the Museum via The Bamberger Entrance facing Washington Street, or the ramp beside it.
Vaccination cards are no longer required. The use of masks are strongly encouraged but not mandatory.
All visitors must adhere to these guidelines at all times.
If you have questions about any of our protocols during your visit, please speak to a member of our Visitor Experience staff.
Please visit our
website
for more information regarding parking, accessibility, membership, and other services and amenities.
ADMISSION
Free
Member
Member – Child (Family level)
Guests of Members (Patron level and above)
Newark Students & Residents (with valid ID)
Child (0-2)
Full - $10
Adult (Non-Member)
Reduced - $8
Visitor with Disability
Senior
Student (with valid ID)
Teacher (with valid ID)
Child (3-17)
Complimentary tickets are offered to these affiliate partners:
Corporate Member – up to 2 tickets (must show valid employee ID)
City of Newark Employee – 1 ticket (must show valid employee ID)
Bank of America, Merrill or Bank of America Private Bank (U.S. Trust) cardholders (first full weekend of every month only) - 1 ticket (must present active debit or credit card and valid ID)
Sotheby's Preferred – up to 4 tickets (must show valid Sotheby’s Preferred card)
Reciprocal Members of ARMN, MARP, NARM, ROAM – up to 2 tickets (must show valid membership card)
Members of Liberty Science Center (select days only) – up to 2 adult tickets and 4 child tickets (must show valid membership card)
Artist on View - up to 2 tickets
Museum Professional – up to 2 tickets (must show valid museum employee ID)
AAM Member – up to 2 tickets (must show valid AAM card)
ICOM Member – up to 2 tickets (must show valid ICOM card)
Press – 1 ticket (must show valid press card or badge)
U.S. Military – tickets for household (must show valid ID or Blue Star card)
Families First – tickets for household (must show valid Families First card)
Medical aide or companion – 1 ticket
Membership cards and other applicable IDs will be verified upon entry.