https://www.eventbrite.com/e/i-am-caribbeing-in-prospect-park-tickets-336664792457?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
I AM caribBEING in Prospect Park Tickets, Multiple Dates | Eventbrite
--no date--

Celebrate Caribbean-American Heritage Month in Prospect Park with
I AM caribBEING
,
JOUVAYFEST COLLECTIVE
,
BUSH WO/MAN Conversations Project
, and
Prospect Park Alliance
. Brooklyn’s Backyard will be home to a month of live music, wellness, film and other special events. Enjoy Caribbean film, live music, dance, wellness and much more during this cultural celebration for Brooklynites of all ages. All participating artists and practitioners have roots in Little Caribbean NYC, and hail from Trinidad, Jamaica, Haiti and elsewhere.
I AM caribBEING is supported by
NYC Department of Cultural Affairs, New York State Council for the Arts, Con Edison, TD Bank, National Grid
and
Showtime.
Rockers Film  + Dre Island | Sunday, June 5th, 2022
Location: Boathouse
Time: 7-10pm
Prospect Park Alliance and I AM caribBEING kick off Caribbean-American Heritage Month with the cult classic film, Rockers. The 1978 film offers a tale of struggle and triumph in the streets of Kingston, Jamaica. Protagonist, Horsemouth, knows all too well the difficulty it takes to get into the music business in Kingston. Although talented, he earns very little and hustles to make ends meet. As tension begins to build with the local mafia after they steal his motorbike, Horsemouth and his friends concoct a plan to bring their reign of terror to an end and bring justice the the people of Kingston.
Prior to the film, multi-talented singer, keyboardist Dre Island, hailing from Kingston, Jamaica, will join the celebration for a very special performance. Complex calls him “one of the most refreshing voices in reggae right now.” With his gravelly vocals and calm demeanor, he evokes a mystery and edge that gravitates reggae and dancehall fans alike. The versatile artist has collaborated with the likes of UK R&B singer Jorja Smith, contemporary reggae star Chronixx and Jamaican dancehall artists like Popcaan and Skillibeng. In June, he will release his sophomore album High Times, which follows his 2020 debut, Now I Rise.
ALERT: CANCELED DUE TO WEATHER - RESCHEDULE DATE TBD
Lean Strong Fast | Sunday, June 12th, 2022
Location: Boathouse
Time: 9-11am
Join I AM caribBEING and Prospect Park Alliance to learn to improve your fitness and wellness regimens with the Little Caribbean-based performance team, Lean Strong Fast. Attendees will be guided through the park on either a beginner or intermediate level hike-walk based on their comfort level. Bring out your sneakers and come join us in the park!
Juneteenth + One Love Little Caribbean Day | Sunday, June 19th, 2022
Location: Boathouse
Time: 4-9pm
Join Prospect Park Alliance and I AM caribBEING for Juneteenth, CaribBEING style, with live performance by Grammy-Award winning Angela Hunte backed by Da Jerry Wonda Band, peer-to-peer gaming powered by Fun With Friends DJ sets by Gab Soul + Khalil and Little Caribbean artisan vendors.
Escape the excitement and enter the calming Rooftop Oasis showcasing local Black-owned self-care brands on the Boathouse’s Rooftop. Upon entering this haven, guests can choose their wellness adventure. From refreshing natural elixirs to essential oil blends for whatever ails you, Rooftop Oasis will take you there and bring you back to life.
Rooftop Oasis is curated by
I DON'T DO CLUBS
and
TAKE CARE WELLNESS
Brukwine | Sunday, June 26th, 2022
Location: Boathouse
Time: 2pm-2:45pm
Are you ready to wukkup and juk? Join I AM caribBEING and BRUKWINE for a high energy workout routine. This Caribbean inspired dance workout is sure to get your heart rate up, hips moving and thighs burning!