https://www.eventbrite.com/e/new-york-non-fiction-tickets-320995725857?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
New York Non-Fiction Tickets, Fri, Jul 1, 2022 at 7:45 PM | Eventbrite
Fri, July 1, 2022, 7:45 PM – 11:00 PM EDT

Date:
Friday, July 1st
Venue:
Green-Wood Cemetery
Address:
500 25th Street, Brooklyn, NY 11232
7:45 PM:
Doors Open
8:15 PM:
Live Music from Freakquencee
9:00 PM:
Films Begin
10:30 PM:
Q&A with Filmmakers
10:45 PM:
Performance by Freedom Dabka Group
11:00 PM:
After-Party
New York Non-Fiction
For more than two decades, Rooftop Films has presented our annual New York Non Fiction Program, a night of new short documentaries made by and about New Yorkers. And every year, the screening is one of our biggest and most exhilarating of the year, bringing together uniquely-unforgettable-but-perhaps-previously-overlooked characters and situations. With live music before and after the screening, and an after-party by the Historic Chapel to end the night, this year’s show might be the greatest one yet.
New York is a city full of passionate people, but sometimes it seems like no two passions are the same. Some of us love to birdwatch and cause ruckus in Central Park, and some of us collect tchotchkes with our name on them. Some of us have a passion for performing the dabka dance deep in bay Ridge, and some of us are driven to save the lives of our neighbors, even if it means taking control of a hospital in the South Bronx. New York Non-Fiction is a night of connection and community, so bring a friend, and use the occasion to make a new one.
THE FILMS
Bob of the Park
Jake Sumner | 2021 | US | 15 mins
Meet Robert "Birding Bob" DiCandido. Friendly Central Park bird walk leader to some, archnemesis to others.
Coming Home
Naim Naif & Margot Bowman | 2021 | US | 10 mins
Coming Home
follows Freedom Dabka Group - a collective of Palestinian-American dancers, living in Bay Ridge (Brooklyn) who use Dabka as a way to connect to their community and homeland. Shot on 16mm under the unique constraints of 2020-21 featuring archive photography from The Palestinian Museum.
Glen Eden
Rebecca Blandon | 2021 | US | 14 mins
A short documentary about a man named Glen Eden Einbinder who exists as many things at once. In this whimsical and heartwarming character study, Glen reveals his decades-old eponymous collection and shows viewers how it has brought him closer to many worlds he may have never known otherwise.
The Originals
Cristina Costantini & Alfie Koetter | 2022 | US, Canada | 10 mins
In September 2012, Cristina Costantini and Alfie Koetter moved into a brownstone apartment on Union Street in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn. It didn’t take long for them to fall in love with the neighborhood and their landlord, Matty “Square” Ruggiero. Ten years later and now living across the country, Cristina and Alfie get back in touch with Matty to hear him and his childhood friends, the Union Street Boys, tell their story of what it was like to grow up in South Brooklyn, where money was tight but friendships were tighter.
Stranger Than Rotterdam with Sara Driver
Lewie Kloster & Noah Kloster | 2021 | US | 9 mins
In 1982, the completion of Jim Jarmusch's sophomore film,
Stranger Than Paradise
, hinged on producer Sara Driver's willingness to smuggle one of the world's rarest and most controversial films across the Atlantic Ocean.
Takeover
Emma Francis-Snyder | 2021 | US | 38 mins
Takeover
explores the twelve historic hours on July 14, 1970, in which fifty members of the Young Lords Party stormed the dilapidated Lincoln Hospital in the South Bronx, drove out their administrative staff, barricaded entrances and windows, and made their cries for decent healthcare known to the world. They raised the Puerto Rican flag atop the building, as well as a banner reading “The People’s Hospital” — a nom de guerre still used today. Through archival footage, seamless reenactments, and modern-day interviews, we follow the Young Lords’ resistance against institutions curated by wealth and white supremacy, and their fight for the most basic of human rights: the right to accessible, quality healthcare.
PERFORMERS
Freakquencee
Freakquencee — described as the personification of wisdom and power, is a Hip-Hop/Funk/Soul artist from Newark, New Jersey who has captured attention from Neo-Soul icon, Jill Scott and platforms such as BAM, Vice/Noisey, MILK, Pick-up Music, and more.
Freedom Dabka Group
The Freedom Dabka Group is a professional dabka and zaffa team. Dabka is an Arabic folklore popular within most Arab countries. It is a rhythmic dance that is performed by a group of people who swing their legs and stomp their feet in synchronization. It originated from Bilad- Alsham, which includes Palestine, Jordan, Syria, and Lebanon. This specific group consists of young talented individuals who perform this ancestral folklore. There are variety of Dabka, but this group is mainly focused on performing the Shamilyah, which has always been the most well-known and performed.
.
.........................................
NO REFUNDS. IN THE EVENT OF RAIN, SHOW WILL BE RESCHEDULED AT THE SAME LOCATION. NO  ALCOHOL IS PERMITTED.
.........................................
FAQS
Can I bring food and drinks?
No outside alcoholic beverages are allowed. Feel free to bring snacks and non-alcoholic beverages!
Do I need to wear a mask?
All attendees are required to wear a mask during check in, and while indoors. Masks are encouraged while interacting with staff outdoors. Mask policy may be updated based on current local conditions at the time of the event. Ticket holders will be notified of policy changes via email prior to the event.
Where will the screening take place within Green-Wood Cemetery?
Check in will be at the main entrance on 25th Street and 5th Avenue, but the screening location will be about a 5-6 minute walk up a relatively steep, paved hill from there. Please contact us if someone in your party will need assistance getting to the location.
Are there ID requirements or an age limit to enter the event?
Rooftop Films are open to all ages, but ID and proof of age is required for entry. You must be 21+ to attend the after party.
What are my transport/parking options getting to the event?
For a full list of Rooftop Films venues and directions visit www.rooftopfilms.com/venues
I am a Rooftop Films member. How do I use my member benefits?
Upon joining as a member you received a unique member ticket code. Click on "tickets" on this page and then "enter promo code". Enter your unique member code and press "apply". Interested in becoming a member? Learn more at rooftopfilms.com/support.
Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?
No need to bring your ticket! Just give your name / name of the ticket holder at the door for entry.
You didn't answer my questions!
Sorry about that! Give us a call at 718-417-7362 or click the "contact us" button below.