https://www.eventbrite.com/e/microbladingshading-andor-lash-extension-training-tickets-268431825817
Microblading/Shading And/Or Lash Extension Training Tickets, Sun, Jun 26, 2022 at 10:00 AM | Eventbrite
Sun, June 26, 2022, 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM EDT

Come learn with the best in the industry! Now we are coming to an area near you.
Two classes are available:
1. Premier Microblading & Shading Training Course (2 Day Course)
(Learn Microblading Strokes, Powder/Shading, Ombre, & Combo/Hybrid Brows with hands on training)
Price $1899 includes full kit (Discounted from Reg. $3500)
This training course includes a full kit to get you started in the microblading business.
2. Premier Classic & Volume Eyelash Extension Training Course (1 day Course)
(Learn individual eyelash extensions techniques along with volume and variations)
Price $899 includes full kit (Discounted from Reg. $2000)
This training course includes a full kit to get you started in the lash extension business.
Learn faster and better than anyone else. With my over 10 years of experience in an ever evolving and growing industry, I have compiled my knowledge here to share with you the secrets that other courses won't.
About the trainer:
Jolie Kim has worked at numerous NYC top salons for lashes & brows for over a decade. She rapidly became a favorite with the celebrity clientele because of her keen sense for facial balance and beauty. When she opened her first beauty salon, she realized there was a lack of skilled workers to hire even though there was a high demand for technicians and artists in the field. She began training her own staff and saw major improvements in their performance and work. She even saw amazing reviews and feedback from clients when she started training complete beginners from start to finish. Her training methods seemed to be working better than any other training her staff received outside. Finally, there was an easy and fast way to learn the skilled craft. Now, she is sharing this proprietary learning system so anyone can learn and make the income they dream of.
Job Placement Assistance possible after completion of the course.
www.premierlashny.com
For more info, contact us:
Email: premierlashnbrow@gmail.com
Call or text : 929-584-1392 (Jolie)