https://www.eventbrite.com/e/judy-the-illustrious-blacks-amber-valentine-tickets-329133365757?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
JUDY: The Illustrious Blacks | Amber Valentine Tickets, Sat, Jun 25, 2022 at 10:00 PM | Eventbrite
Sat, Jun 25, 2022, 10:00 PM –, Sun, Jun 26, 2022, 4:00 AM EDT

Lions, and Daddies, and Bears… oh my. OH YES! Fly over the rainbow and follow the glitter-brick road to our technicolor wonderland of Oz.
Get swept away in a cyclone of sparkle, pop those poppy poppers, lick your way through the lollipop guild, click your ruby slippers and live your full camp fantasy. Everyone is a friend of Dorothy tonight! Good witch, wicked witch, all witches are welcome in this Emerald Pride City.
Tonight you can do it all - because there is no place like HOMO!!
: : : LOOKS : : :
Glow, shine, sparkle. Ruby Judy. Rainbow realness. Emerald queens. Creatures encountered along the yellow brick road. Psychedelic styles for miles. Elton John. Whimsical wonderland. Wizards and witches and magic makers of all flavors!
More style inspo
HERE.
Creative looks or costumes are required to get in Free before 11pm with RSVP!
: : : MUSIC : : :
The Illustrious Blacks
Amber Valentine
: : : FEATURING : : :
gilda's glamour beauty bar · aerial magic · surreal circus acts · photobooth · installations · interactive magic ·
21+ | No Re-Entry
YES, we have tables!- contact
Reservations@houseofyes.org
or text 833-803-0872 to book yours 🍾
Subscribe to our email list for first access to events & tickets:
bit.ly/YESEMAILS
* * *  SAFER SPACES POLICY * * *
House of Yes is a space for everyone to feel welcome. We have a zero tolerance policy for harassment, unwanted touch, and discrimination. Always ASK before touching anyone at our events. If someone is making you uncomfortable, speak to a security guard or ask for a manager. We will believe you, and we will help. All restrooms in our venue are gender neutral. The entrance to the venue is ADA accessible. Strobe lights are used during performances and parties. Find out more at
houseofyes.org/SAFER