https://www.eventbrite.com/e/speak-grow-rich-for-leaders-and-coaches-tickets-224912809267
Speak & Grow Rich for Leaders and Coaches Tickets, Mon, Jul 4, 2022 at 7:00 PM | Eventbrite
Mon, July 4, 2022, 7:00 PM – 8:00 PM EDT

Are you
a Lone Wolf
who’s tired of
masquerading as something “quiet"
with all that “extraordinariness” trapped inside? Are you tired of that
nagging voice reminding you that you have the gift
to transform thousands; yet,
year-after-year you remain invisible
because you don’t quite
know how to let your personality shine
? Would you like to
develop  in a space where you can be honest about where you struggle
?
breathe... exhale… whoosah…
Here's two things you should know:
One-
you do not have to be a gifted speaker to stand powerfully in your message and
Two-
You're about to learn how to package your expertise into profitable speaking (even if you're unclear about your expertise).
This entire week is geared towards your success of “speaking” while living your best life.
From breakout sessions to break-throughs, here’s a sneak peak:
Day One: Purpose Party-Celebrating the Difference You Were Meant to Make
Day Two: Discover
High Anxiety Solutions
to Speaking Like a Pro
Day Three: Discover
the High Ticket Problem You Solve
& the Client You're Meant to Attract
Day Four: 1-on-1
V.I.P Strategy Session
Day to Get You Up and Running in 30 days
Day Five: We open the 5 Figure Blue-Print to Profitable Speaking
This FREE 5-Day masterclass is valued at $599.
It's going to be an extraordinary week! See you on the inside!
My name is Adalah and I know quite a bit about
breaking barriers from the Army, …from the Navy, …in business …and simply by standing on the front lines helping visionaries
(like you) to
unleash a bold entrepreneurial message.
I spent the past few decades helping leaders and life coaches to launch a business around their purpose. And when you register NOW, I get to open my play book so that you can benefit from the strategies & tips that I wish I knew early on.
See you on the inside!