https://www.eventbrite.com/e/speed-dating-party-ages-25-35-36-48-tickets-326413490537?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Speed Dating & Party: Ages 25-35 &  36-48 Tickets, Multiple Dates | Eventbrite
--no date--

In person speed dating!
Speed dating is a fun low pressure way to meet eligible singles. After a few short dates you can mingle with even more singles at the mixer with a room full  of singles.
This event is for Singles ages  25 - 35 & 36-48
This event is inperson and indoors.
25-35: Speed Dating & Mixer (combined)
36-48:  Speed Dating  & Mixer (combined
During the check-in we'll check everyone's ID and encourage everyone to grab a drink and mingle.
Once everyone is checked in daters will be given guideline on where to sit, how to rotate, etc.
After the dates you can join a mixer with dozens more singles  at the same location
We will be in a private area and you will have a few minutes to chat with each of your dates and then rotate until you've met everyone in your group.  You will register the names of those you are interested in. Mutual matches will be notified within 24 hours.  No information is exchanged unless you both express interest in each other.
In order to maintain a gender balance, pre-registration is required, no walk-ins will be accepted, and no refunds will be granted within 72 hours of the event.
FAQs
Do I have to bring my  ID to the event?
YES!!!! Please bring your  ID.
Yes, You need ID.  If you sign up for an event and do not bring your  ID the host has the righ to decline admission and no refunds will be granted.
Covid Protocol
Will be consistent with NYC Indoor Restaurant Policy. As of March 21st, vaccines are not required.
Do I have to wear a mask during  the event?
Masks are optional,  you are welcome to keep your mask on if that makes you more comfortable.
If the ages listed for the event are Ages THIS  and I am age THAT, can I still attend?
Please respect the ages in the description. Those attending are expeting people of ages listed.
If you are 25 to 35  attend the 25 to 35
If you are 36-46  attend the 36-46 group
If you are not in the listed age range of the  group, then Join the mixer: Arrive at 8pm and pay $20 cash at the door.
The hosts have the right to check your ID, and that can lead to an embarrassing situation
What do I wear  to the event?
First date attire is fine. Business casual is acceptable.
Do I have to bring my printed ticket to the event?
NO NEED TO PRINT OUT YOUR TICKET, BUT KEEP THE EMAIL CONFIRMATION ON YOUR PHONE AS PROOF OF REGISTRATION