https://www.eventbrite.com/e/how-far-can-you-walk-5k-walkathon-tickets-297357112127
How Far Can You Walk: 5K Walkathon Tickets, Sat, Jun 25, 2022 at 7:30 AM | Eventbrite
Sat, Jun 25, 2022, 7:30 AM EDT, 

How Far Can You Walk: 5K Walkathon
Clean water
is a necessity of life and a basic human right, but
700 million people in 43 countries
currently lack it. This includes hundreds of millions in sub-Saharan Africa who are collecting unsafe water from lakes, rivers, and ponds on a daily basis, unknowingly infecting themselves with waterborne parasites fall extremely ill and are unable to pursue work or education. All of this contributes to poor health and poverty in this part of the world.
An estimated
17 million women and children
in Africa must
walk at least 30+ minutes per day to fetch water
, often making multiple trips each day. At a normal walking pace on a flat surface in good weather conditions, it would take about an hour for the average adult to walk the 6-kilometer average daily distance. But fetching water is a much more arduous task: these walks take place on unpaved roads, under the scorching hot midday sun, and can involve climbs up steep hills and mountains.
Every hour spent walking is an hour not spent in the classroom, taking care of one’s children, or pursuing other opportunities
.
And that’s not even factoring carrying the actual water!
Each gallon of water weighs about 8.5 pounds
; that’s barely enough drinking water for two people per day (with none left over for bathing, cooking, agriculture, feeding animals, or any of the other crucial ways water can be used). Usually,
women and girls carry 8 gallons – 68 pounds
– over long distances every day,
physically-demanding labor that can lead to chronic neck and back injuries
.
Nearly
2 million people die worldwide every year
from preventable diseases resulting from the use of contaminated water. And millions more who survive these diseases have lesser quality of life, need extra medical care, or face additional health challenges.
Every two minutes, a child dies
from a waterborne disease. The second-most common cause of death for children under the age of 5 is diarrhea, typically caused by consuming contaminated water.
How Embrace Relief Helps
Through our
Clean Water Campaign
, Embrace Relief has provided fresh, clean drinking water to
more than 500,000 people
in Africa. We’ve funded the
construction of 450 water wells
in the countries of Chad, Cameroon and Nigeria, tapping into the plentiful amounts of fresh groundwater which cannot be accessed otherwise. Additionally, our “Fountains of Hope” project has r
econstructed 50 non-operational wells
, restoring clean water access to even more people and villages.
Every well we build or refurbish makes life a little bit better for an entire community of people. We’re ready to build even more, and that’s where you come in…
Please Help Us Out!
Whether in-person or virtually, please join us on
June 25, 2022
, at the
Liberty State Park
for our family-friendly
How Far Can You Walk: 5K Walkathon
to recognize those struggling from lack of access to clean water in sub-Saharan Africa.
Walk with us to raise awareness about the increasing water crisis in Africa. Walking 5K is only a mere glimpse into what millions of people in Africa must do everyday for this fundamental right. Even better, a portion of your registration will go towards achieving
Embrace Relief’s goal of reconstructing 250 more no-longer-operational water wells throughout the region
.
Registration for the Walkathon will be at three different tiers. The higher the tier, the more swag for you:
Tier 1
–
Pillars of Hope ($15)
: T-shirt
Tier 2
–
Champions of Service ($25)
: T-shirt, bracelet, lanyard/medal, sticky wallet OR pop-socket, water bottle
Tier 3
–
Builders of the Future ($30)
: All items from Tier 2 PLUS a drawstring backpack, print paper certificate, and a pen/notebook OR sweat towel
Not only can you help us save lives, you can help us improve
hundreds of thousands of people’s lives
and send them on the path toward sustenance, economic growth, gender equality, and happiness! Quite simply,
water is life
and YOU have the power to supply it to those who desperately need it today!