https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sasha-grahams-spirited-away-psychic-paranormal-night-tickets-158670047383?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
Sasha Graham’s Spirited Away Psychic & Paranormal Night Tickets, Multiple Dates | Eventbrite
--no date--

Are You Ready To Make Contact with the Other Side?
Spirited Away Paranormal & Psychic Event
Spiritual Readings! Workshops! Magical Circles!
w/ NYC's most enchanted Psychics, Mediums, Tarotists.
Event takes place OUTSIDE  & INSIDE and in the magical courtyard of the Barrow's Intense Tasting Room in Industry City, Brooklyn.
Tuesday, May 31st, 6pm- 9pm!
Bring your friends and loved ones, divine with the spirits  ... if you dare.
Enjoy a craft cocktails with your friends and get a tarot, psychic and oracular reading!
Psychics, Mediums,Tarot Readers & Oracles offer unique experiences and charge varying prices.
All readers accept cash, many accept Paypal or Venmo.
Readers, prices and schedule subject to change.
Paranormal Author Sasha Graham welcomes you to Spirited Away!
Allow Sasha to guide you into world's of enchantment as she pairs you with the perfect psychic reader...
Sasha teaches and lectures around the world. Her work has been translated into Chinese, Italian, Russian, French, Spanish, Polish, and Portuguese. She is the author of
Tarot Diva, 365 Tarot Spreads, 365 Tarot Spells, Llewellyn’s Complete Book of the Rider Waite Smith Tarot
, and the
Magic of Tarot
. Sasha is a contributing author of
Llewellyn’s Magical Almanac, 2020, 2022, Witches’ Datebook 2022
, and
Llewellyn’s Witches’ Calendar, 2021
. Her tarot decks include
Tarot of Haunted House, Dark Wood Tarot
and the forthcoming
Tarot of the Witch's Garden
.
Signed copies of Sasha's books & tarot decks available for purchase at event:
sashagraham.com
Dark Wood Tarot
Magic of Tarot
Rhonda Alin
6:45pm Workshop: Bringing Tarot Into a Busy Life
Plus Tarot Readings
Rhonda is a professional Tarot Card reader, instructor and the founder of Northern New Jersey Tarot.  She has studied Tarot with some of the most respected and accomplished readers, authors and deck designers in the Tarot community and continues her studies by attending and presenting at annual international conferences.
Rhonda currently offers classes in the “Foundations of Tarot” at the introduction, intermediate and advanced levels as well as bi-weekly Study Groups.
Rhonda’s goal with every reading is to provide her client with a positive, insightful and meaningful experience. She is available for private, in-person and virtual readings, as well as personal and corporate events.
Contact Rhonda in advance to book your spot at her reading table:
www.rhondaalin.com
Ancestral Mediumship, Beline & Tarot Readings from Gina Jean
Gina's readings are in HIGH demand.
Schedule a reading in advance by emailing her at:
ginajean@gmail.com
Tarot Analysis with Alex Angelo
DM Alex on Instagram to book a spot at his table: @alexangelotarotcards
DISCOVER THE REAL WISDOM & POWER OF TAROT DIVINATION AND GET THE MOST ACCURATE ANSWERS TO YOUR QUESTIONS.
HOW TO FINALLY SUCCEED IN ACHIEVING YOUR DREAMS ?...
WHAT HABITS TO ACTUALLY CHANGE TO GET ON THE RIGHT COURSE OF LIFE & IMPROVE ITS QUALITY FOR BETTER?...
IS THERE ANYONE COMING ALONG YOUR WAY ?
HOW TO IMPROVE YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOUR PARTNER, FAMILY MEMBER.& ETC..
WISDOM OF TAROT CARDS AND THEIR DEEP SYMBOLISM WITH SPIRITUAL GUIDANCE -WILL HELP YOU TO FIND ALL THE ANSWERS TO THESE ABOVE MENTIONED QUESTIONS OF ALL ASPECTS OF YOUR LIFE.
Love Readings with Whitney Blair Korbin!
As a certified Love Coach, I help women to love themselves, love their lives, and have lasting love. I help women identify their blind spots and break through personal barriers because everyone, including you, deserves love. I coach groups and individuals and run in-person and online workshops, events, and retreats.
Book your spot with Whitney in advance to assure a spot at her table:
whitneylovecoach.com
Intuitive Tarot with Kayla & Cards
Kayla Elizabeth
is a tarot reader, content creator, and pagan witch based in Brooklyn, NY. Through her platform Kayla and the Cards, she provides personal tarot readings, educational content, deck reviews, and more. Her reading style mixes a modern, intuitive approach with a focus on classic symbolism and occult-based reading practices. She believes that the beauty of tarot lies within both a respect for tradition, and a trust in personal interpretations. Kayla's readings will leave you feeling empowered and with a clear path forward- and she may even spark a further curiosity for the tarot within you. You can learn more about Kayla and the Cards at www.kaylaandthecards.com
Book your reading in advance to assure a spot at Kayla's table:
Instagram: @kaylaandthecards
www.kaylaandthecards.com
Aura & Tarot Readings with Liridona Duraku: Balkan Folklore Herbalist, Intuitive and Guide
Liri will be offering a line of Potions; Oxymels, Tinctures & Essences that are wildcrafted, made with intention by the phases of the moon. As well as a small line of handcrafted, slow infused botanical skincare line. Liri will also be giving mini readings that will focus on soul evolution. She will connect to your guides and ancestors to bring messaging for you and recommend herbs and practices to ally with during this part of your journey.
Website :
Potionsbyliri.com
Instagram : @ Potionsbyliri & @lirimeansfree
Gemini New Moon Circle & Tarot with Yesbelt Fernandez
Gemini New Moon Circle
We will explore the energies at work in the skies, those of the moon and the zodiac sign it is in. We'll dive into those energies and use that information to set intentions, do some divination with tarot cards, and more.
Learn about the energies at work in the cosmos
Use this information to set intentions for your own life
Connect with others
Work with tarot and oracle cards
Learn something practical and fun
The circle is about connecting on a deep level and everyone called to the circle is meant to share or receive the medicine they need. A leader sits in every chair.
★ You will get a digital handout ★
YesSpiral has been spiraling into synchronicity with tarot, yoga, herbalism, the moon, and astrology for over 10 years. She reads tarot intuitively and collaboratively to bring clients clarity, insight, and resolution. Clients know themselves, she knows the cards, and together they make meaning of the messages that come through. She also taps into the astrology woven into tarot as another layer of insight to help you move forward with confidence and direction.
Contact Yesbelt in advance to assure a spot at her table:
Website:
www.yesspiral.com
Instagram: YesSpiral
Spiritual Astrology & Tarot with Judith Figueroa
Brooklyn-based tarot reader  offers extensive insight into your spirituality through connecting astrology, tarot, and traditional spiritual practices.  As a high priestess initiated into a number of African-based traditions from West Africa to Cuba, Judith is guided by the Spirits to help others around the world in their time of need.  "La Gitana" (the Gypsy) along with various Hindu spirit guides assist Judith's gifts of mediumship to create a space of healing & growth for those who seek it. She incorporates her Orisha and spiritualist practice to help to feed your soul, uplifting you, & giving you the light you need to mend broken hearts, inspire hope,  & promote self-empowerment.  Judith specializes in love tarot and oracle readings through her Milk & Honey Love Tarot/Oracle series.
Contact Judith ahead of time to reserve your seat at her table:
Ayabaswynd999@gmail.com
YouTube Channel & Additional Info:
Ayaba's Wynd - YouTube
Healing Tarot with KorBlossom
KorBlossom
is an Intuitive Tarot Reader, and was introduced to the Tarot by her maternal Grandmother.   She interprets the symbolic, and subconscious language of the tarot to help give her clients clear answers to their questions in any area including Love, Career, Partnerships, Finances, Pet Companions, and Options of Choice.   Tarot tells what's Allegorically happening, to help guide clients through the various journeys of their lives.  KorBlossom’s readings have a strong emphasis on self empowerment and healing.  She  also utilizes Spell Work and other divination techniques using the pendulum, bells, crystals and numerology during her sessions.
Book your reading with KorBlossom in advance to assure a spot at her table:
Website:
korblossomtarot.com
Reiki & Readings with Victoria Rego
Intuitive Guide
Victoria was born and raised in NYC, a writer, poet and clairsentient who utilizes her gift to connect with spirit, found herself drawn to tarot and divination at a young age when she began to realize that certain dreams, were coming true. She began her own research on topics related to the metaphysical world and only within the past few years has sort out formal training, realizing that she has a gift that can help others.
Victoria has studied tarot with Wald and Ruthann Amberstone over the last few years and recently became a member of the American Tarot Association and the International Association of Reiki Professionals. As a communicator and seeker of truths, Victoria uses tarot to communicate a narrative for her clients, which has helped them to find hidden truths along their life path.
To assure a spot at her table, contact Victoria at:
www.enlightenedvictorieshealing.com
Author Susan Wands offers
Tarot Readings using different versions of the Rider Waite Smith Tarot Deck.
Susan Wands is a writer, tarot reader, actor, filmmaker and producer. A co-chair with the NYC Chapter of the Historical Novel Society, she has lectured at London's Watkins Books for their Recorded Authors series and in Berlin at the Occulture Berlin Festival. Ms. Wands' writings have appeared in Kindred Spirits magazine, she can be heard on these podcasts: 'Biddy Tarot', ‘Imaginary Worlds’, ‘Bad Ass Bitches Tarot’ and the ‘Spirited Tarot’ YouTube channel. Her first book in a series, Magician and Fool, was published in England and will soon be published in the U.S. Her novel series explores the life of Pamela Colman Smith, the Waite-Smith tarot deck creator, her next two books in the series are in final development.
www.magicianandfool.com.
Charmed Tarot Readings with Dina Berrin
🔮 Intuitive tarot reader • Tarot Teacher •Speaker • Certified Co-Active Life Coach (CPCC) • Manifestation Guru • Mom of 3 🙈🙉🙊• Exercise junkie
https://dinaberrin.com/
I'm Jeannine Carson and I make colorful, small batch pottery items that fit easily into modern living spaces. Everyone has that favorite mug, the one they use every morning to savor their first cup of coffee or tea. It becomes a part of their daily ritual. The mug relegated to the favored position is usually determined, whether consciously or not, by the user’s preference to the color, the shape and the texture of the pot itself.  People choose colors that make us happy, a weight and surface that feels good in the hand or on the lip as well as a pot that functions well.  It holds the perfect amount, has a rim that feels good against the lip and a shape that fits easily in the hand.  This fact is exhilarating to me as an artist because it means there exists an infinite number of combinations, interactions and possibilities to pursue in clay.
Website:
www.jeanninecarsonclay.com
Ragtag Naturals body care and cosmetics
by Jessica Rodrigues
Jessica started by making soap in her kitchen and over time the project grew into its own living skin. The product line now contains soaps, body lotions, face lotion, deodorant, perfume, under eye serum, eyelash/ eyebrow serum, and shower scrubs. Every day new products are being made to keep up with the demand. All the lovely creations are cruelty free, handmade, vegetarian, and as natural as possible. Ragtag Naturals may have been brought to life by Jessica Rodrigues, but Ragtag exists in the heart of every trashy baddie. They may be rockstar glam on the outside but on the inside they’re a gentle badass.
www.ragtagnaturals.com
info@ragtagnaturals.com
@ragtagnaturals on Instagram
Wildflower Candles
is a mother-daughter business focused on aesthetics and sustainability. We create handmade items that truly last, and can be repurposed in a variety of ways. Our candles are made with soy wax and utilize recycled materials.
flowersbyviktoria.com
Barrow’s Intense Tasting Room
Industry City, Brooklyn
86 34th Street C134 Brooklyn, NY 11232
Entrance Thru Courtyard 5-6
Hours: Mon 12-7 pm, Tues-Thur 12-8 pm, Fri&Sat 12-10 pm, Sun 12-8 pm
Be a part of New York’s craft spirits movement at the Barrow’s Intense Tasting Room in Brooklyn, NY. Located in Sunset Park’s Industry City complex, our comprehensive tasting room offers the world’s largest selection of New York State whiskey, gin, vodka, brandy, and more. Take a seat outside in our private courtyard and enjoy craft cocktails or local beer and wine, and taste your way through one of our carefully curated flights, from Whiskey 101 to our Advanced Gin Flight. You can also go home with a bottle of any of the 160+ New York spirits we have in stock.
Spirited Away Presents
ROBERTA'S PIZZA
10 inch pies, $15
Order at the bar.
Margarita: Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil
Baby Sinclair: White Pizza with Baby Kale, Garlic and Crushed Red Pepper