https://www.eventbrite.com/e/2022-prospect-park-soiree-sold-out-tickets-92723256757?aff=ebdssbdestsearch
2022 Prospect Park Soiree - SOLD OUT Tickets, Sat, Jun 25, 2022 at 5:00 PM | Eventbrite
Sat, June 25, 2022, 5:00 PM – 10:00 PM EDT

Get ready for the return of Brooklyn’s most magical gathering—
the Prospect Park Soiree!
We provide the entertainment and breathtaking setting, while you gather with thousands of friends—new and old—to enjoy an evening under the stars in Prospect Park.
Wear your most festive attire, prepare a delicious feast, bring your favorite bottle of wine, and dine and dance under the stars in one of Prospect Park’s most scenic locations. Show off your creativity with a show-stopping topper—a fabulous hat or headpiece of your choosing—as well as table décor that celebrates the beautiful surroundings, and raise your glass in a toast to Brooklyn's Backyard.
Individual tickets are  $55. A limited number of party packs of 10 tickets will be available that include two complimentary bottles of wine.
Proceeds benefit Prospect Park Alliance, the non-profit organization that sustains, restores and advances Prospect Park for the benefit of the diverse communities that call Brooklyn home.
Event Details:
5 pm:  Gates open. Seating is first-come, first-served, and guaranteed for all guests. Tables seat 10 people, so small groups will be asked to share tables.
6 pm:  Soiree kicks off with live music.
8 pm:  Dance party begins with a live DJ set.
10 pm: Soiree concludes. Please clean your table and bag your trash before you leave.
Learn more and view our event galleries!
Please note:
You must be fully vaccinated to attend Prospect Park Soiree.
See the COVID-19 guidelines and vaccination requirements on our Soiree Info page.
Prospect Park Soiree takes place rain or shine; tickets are not refundable; there is no rain date. All best efforts will be made to present the Soiree regardless of weather.
Tickets are not refundable, but are transferable to another attendee.
Guests bring their own food, drinks and table décor—including dishes, cups and utensils. Only 8-foot tables and chairs are provided.
Seating is first-come, first-served, and guaranteed for all guests. When you arrive, simply claim seats for your party. Groups smaller than 10 people are encouraged to share tables.
Due to the presence of alcohol, this is a 21+ event. No one under the age of 21 will be admitted and guests will be asked for identification. Pets are also not allowed.
Please bring only beer, wine and non-alcoholic drinks: no hard alcohol. Bags will be checked at the door.
Help us keep the park green and vibrant: please bag your trash.
Barbecues and other open flames such as candles are not allowed; smoking is prohibited in Prospect Park.
Tents and other structures are not permitted.
The park is not open to vehicles;
please see our recommended directions to the event. Bike parking will also be available.
Questions?
Contact us.
Prospect Park Soiree is presented as part of the Festival of New York.