https://www.meetup.com/newyorkadventureclub/events/286630606
'Uncovering the Great Street Art & Artists of New York City' Webinar, Mon, Jul 11, 2022, 1:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsTickets: $10 (includes access to replay for one week)
Click the link below to officially register for this experience:
https://www.nyadventureclub.com/event/uncovering-the-great-street-art-artists-of-new-york-city-webinar-registration-360575148977/
Once considered the epitome of crime and vandalism, street art has finally been accepted as a welcome contribution to our communities, often defining our most creative and trendy neighborhoods. It's time to virtually roam the streets of New York City — the birthplace of street art — to uncover its most coveted public artworks, legal and otherwise.
Join New York Adventure Club as we uncover a selection of New York City's most impressive modern street art, from pieces by obscure international artists to megastars like Lady Pink and Shepard Fairy.
Led by Sylvia Laudien-Meo — art historian, museum educator, and NYC tour guide — this virtual journey around NYC will include:

The history of street art in NYC, and how the art form surfaced in the 1970s
Prominent modern street artists whose murals can be found in NYC, along with their backgrounds and specific styles & themes
A discussion around Five Pointz, the former street art mecca that once stood in Long Island City, Queens
Examples of non-mural street art including tags, graffiti, pasties, and more
New York City locations where most of the murals can be found, such as Welling Court in Queens and the Bushwick Collective in Brooklyn

Afterward, we'll have a Q&A with Sylvia — any and all questions about street art are welcomed and encouraged!
Can't make it live? Don't worry, you'll have access to the full replay for one week!
See you there, virtually!
*Immediately upon registering, you will receive a separate, automated email containing the link to join this webinar
**For the best possible viewing experience, please ensure you're using the latest version of your internet browser — Google Chrome is the most compatible. Exact technical requirements and a webinar user guide will be shared in the automated confirmation email upon registration.
***A full replay of the experience will be available to all registered guests for up to a week
About Sylvia
Sylvia Laudien-Meo is a freelance Art Historian who works in and around the city in various capacities, specializing on Modern and Contemporary art, with a strong focus on Public Art. She teaches art history at Fairleigh Dickinson University and has been working as a museum educator at MoMA, the Guggenheim and the Jewish Museum for over many years, engaging visitors in conversation based, interactive art experiences of permanent collections and changing exhibitions.
For the Municipal Art Society, UFT, Brandeis Univ., and private clients, she has been touring the city for over 20 years, exploring art and architecture, parks, neighborhoods and history. Working in various different capacities gives her a unique opportunity to make intriguing connections and weave together the complex perspectives that make out the tapestry of our fascinating city.
SLM holds a Masters Degree in Art History (with minors in History and American Studies) from the Joh. Gutenberg University in Mainz, Germany, as well as a Tourism degree from the EST in Paris France.New York Adventure ClubSee more events