https://www.meetup.com/wpn513/events/286286821
Attract Financial Freedom with Increased Self Worth, Tue, Jun 28, 2022, 11:00 AM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsTopic: Does having debt make you feel insecure? Why or why not?
Purpose
Attract Financial Freedom with Increased Self Worth’ is created especially for you to share your money struggles without shame or guilt. This is a safe place to share your wisdom and experiences for the benefit of your growth and other women in the same boat, and to burst money taboos so that we can all learn & grow together towards abundance as a community.
Who is this event for?

For those curious to learn more about the power of self-worth to attract financial freedom.
For those who are afraid to be vulnerable with their money.
For those who wish to achieve their goals & dreams.
For those looking to grow their business with financial confidence.
For those who want to bring peace, joy, and abundance in their life.

Why is it essential to understand our self-worth?

It allows us to be open to change and see new perspectives.
It helps us value ourselves more and put ourselves first.
It gives us the freedom to express ourselves with confidence.
It allows us to attract abundance and financial freedom.

Reshma is a money wisdom coach and an author who has made it her mission to help professional women confidently organize their finances with simple visual tools; so that they never again live paycheck to paycheck, go into debt, or feel broke, as they consistently achieve their financial goals and ultimately become financially free.
She embarked on her journey to becoming an entrepreneur in 2018, soon after ending her abusive marriage of 12 years. Her new journey was exciting, even though it came with growing pains.
By being financially savvy, she made sound decisions that left her with options—including having an emergency fund! Through life experiences and all the mistakes she made over the years, Reshma has gained enough wisdom and strategies to pass along this knowledge to other women.
During these 40-minute inspirational sessions, we will be talking about impactful topics such as:

Financial Freedom for peace and joy
The importance of awareness
Root chakra for money mindset and stability
Materialism and Minimalism lifestyle
Increased self-worth being a superpower
The power of financial literacy

Let’s empower each other!
Don't forget to invite a friend and make sure you RSVP, so the event gets scheduled on your calendar. As the saying goes, what doesn't get scheduled doesn't happen.
See you on Tuesday🙂Confident Strides Women's Entrepreneur NetworkSee more events