https://www.meetup.com/plantmedicinesociety/events/284122819
Online Medicine Coach Certification: Training for Microdosing Support Circle, Sat, Jun 25, 2022, 2:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

Details13 Moons of Holistic Healing Curanderismo Course & Lodge (Monthly Meeting online plus optional live Shamanic Retreat)
The 13 Moons Toolkit for Curandera-o Training
Do you want to learn the basics of Natural Healing? Creating a Sacred Circle assisted by Psychedelics can help you grow your community and your own healing Journey. Combining Shamanic Training and Psilocybin, both in Ceremony and with Microdosing our Sacrament, we can plug into Nature, our Higher Power and our special Purpose.
To register click the link for PayPal or Venmo
99$ / month
Venmo @Finding-TheForce Or PayPal
paypal.me/FindingTheForce4U
Zoom link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/3315609128
Once Deaconized by the Church of the Natural Law, you will be authorized to open your own Circle and invite people in to enjoy the benefits of the most sustainable and accessible Entheogen: Nietos, the “grandchildren,” or Sacred Mushrooms.
In order to be authorized to share this beautiful Medicine, you train with a group of other apprentices for a whole year, in a Traditional Curriculum which will connect you with our Ancient Relations of the Southwest, as well as global traditions which share much in common, as earth based pre-Christian peoples.
This is a 13-Moon (one year) course where we will record the classes and provide links online so students can complete their work at home, as well as attend monthly online meetings.
Level 1 Shamanic Training: Curanderismo
The traditional training for Curanderas (and Curanderos!) is through Connection to Mother Earth. So we gather on the New Moon with other community members and explore training over the course of a year.
This 13 part series of practical applications in herbalism, energy work, shamanism, natural arts and Initiations takes place indoors and out. Divine Feminine is a companion to Divine Masculine, and the act of going within is the Yin, or feminine, associated with the moon, water, symbolic language, the Spirit World and the Dreamtime. With the tools in the kit we will explore traditional Shamanism and Herbalism, as well as look at the science behind it and how it all works. We have a manual available also for personal development through the Medicine Wheel, as well as companion videos online.
You will receive a certificate after completing the 13 Classes, after completing a brief test of competency on the basics. Curanderismo is a lifelong pursuit and your Path will grow and change over a lifetime as you refine your unique contribution to the world.
This is a non-judgemental, non-biased environment with rules and guidelines to keep us all safe and allow each person the full benefit of their Journey. Respect includes respect for yourself and your own Journey, as well as the well being of others, and even extending to all of our relations in nature.
Courtni StarHeart is a traditionally trained Medicine Person with +20 years of study, BAS International Relations from American University, BAS in Latin American Culture, and Doctoral studies at the University of Delaware. She has studied for 7 years under the tutelage of a traditional Medicine Man as well as carrying a Sacred Pipe in the BearHeart Tradition, authorization to pour Sweat Lodge and Herbal Shamanic studies with Susun Weed.
Ready to schedule an intake call, or curious to discover more?
Contact our intake coordinator at ‪(860) 785-3514‬.
Office hours: 11a-4p, Mon-Fri
Register by sending your donation to Venmo:
@Finding-TheForce
CONTACT:
Facebook: New York & NM Psychedelic Society
Instagram: @Church_of_The_Natural_Law
Email: Info@ChurchOfTheNaturalLaw.oreg
Website: www.ChurchOfTheNaturalLaw.org
Contact our intake coordinator at ‪(860) 785-3514‬.
(No refunds after registration is complete. Complete registration includes Medical Intake, Release Waiver and Consent, Donation)
Beauty and BlessingsPlant Medicine and Psychedelic Society of New York and NMSee more events