https://www.meetup.com/code-labs-academy-nyc-coding-bootcamp/events/286605940
Women in Tech:  Maryia Ivanina, Thu, Jul 14, 2022, 12:30 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsIn July, CLA is all about women. And because not every woman has the opportunity to realize her dreams, we at CLA aim to offer courses for everyone. That's one of the reasons we offer every course remotely.
We organized three online events with women who work in the tech industry. Each of them has their own story, each of them has their own path, and of course each of them has their own professional experience and projects.
At each event, a speaker will share her experiences as a woman in tech, what drives her, what she has worked on, and what motivates her.
Our second guest is Maryia Ivanina, Software Engineer in YouTube Analytics at Google in Zurich, Switzerland, and here's what she has to say about herself and her presentation on Thursday, July 14:
„Hi, everyone! My name is Maryia Ivanina, I'm just starting as a Software Engineer in YouTube Analytics at Google, Zurich Switzerland. For the last 3 years I was working in the Data Science field, so I'm going to tell you about my being Senior Data Scientist at EPAM Systems, my journey in the tech industry and changing roles throughout this path from Software Engineer to Data Scientist. I'll share what I like in the tech field and what motivates me, tell about one of my Data Science projects: the Ceres2030 program with the initiative to end hunger in African countries by 2030 with the usage of artificial intelligence.“
To get to know more about Maryia and her work just sign up for the event and be there on Thursday, July 14th at 18:30 (CET).
The following two events will take place on Thursday, July 21, and Thursday, July 28.

Thursday, July 21: Laura Gavrila, UX/UI Designer at 3Shape in Copenhagen, Denmark: she will talk about how to motivate yourself to choose the career you want, even if you have a different background.
Thursday, July 28: Kornelija Ralyte, Data Scientist at Ramboll, Copenhagen, Denmark: she will talk about how it's never too late to change careers and her path from a psychology student to a Data Scientiest.
Code Labs Academy NYC - Coding BootcampSee more events