https://www.meetup.com/cpa-toronto-accounting-group/events/286668771
Corporate Contingency Planning  Sponsored by Jeffrey Gregory, Tue, Jun 28, 2022, 7:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsCorporate Contingency Planning Sponsored by Jeffrey Gregory Of
Desjardins Financial Security Investments Inc.
An interactive online zoom call on Tuesday June 28 @ 7:00 PM
In this presentation, Jeffrey Gregory and Milena Cardinal will touch on a few strategies for effectively ensuring the survival of corporations and businesses in the event of tragedies:
1. Contingency plans for emergencies and tragedies
2. Key person insurance (life, disability, critical illness, for principals and their loved ones)
3. Key Person Estate Planning (secondary wills, secondary POAs, etc.)
4. Documentation (minute books, partnership agreements)
Speaker Bio
Speaker: Jeffrey Gregory
Jeff Gregory– B.A., C.F.P., P.F.P., C.H.S. in Mississauga! Offering sound advice, planning and support with all your financial needs. Jeff Gregory works closely with clients in preparation for their present and future financial obligations.
He is constantly striving to help clients to reach their financial goals, and emphasizes awareness in “what if” situations, ensuring clients and their assets are always protected. For more information, or to consult with Jeff Gregory about your financial situation, please contact him today or visit him on Facebook. (905)366-4402 or Jeffrey Gregory Facebook Certified Financial Planner Desjardins Financial Security Investments Inc.
Speaker Bio
Milena Cardinal
With over 10 years’ experience practicing law and running her firm, Milena specializes in solving complex real estate, corporate and estate planning puzzles, Milena and her team are sought after for providing innovative & simplified setups and transactions, through a wholistic and collaborative approach.
Milena Cardinal is now a coveted speaker for real estate events, associations, and other meetings. Both knowledgeable and entertaining, Milena applies her unique approach to a variety of legal topics.
Register:
https://us02web.zoom.us/j/83436107404?pwd=Y002T1ZkblI2OGNTY3JLak9MS3ZHQT09
Testimonials:
Great workshop, very valuable and inspiring. I would like to attend the workshop again...........Chiedozie Megwa
Each event is fantastic! I learn something new every time that will help me in my professional and personal life. I hope to be a regular in TheGAAP.net events. Mrigank Kabra
The workshop was very informative and well organized, covering the relevant topics and providing the right amount of content. The audience had adequate opportunity to ask questions to the speaker and interact with the fellow attendees. It was a workshop worth the time and cost. Look forward to attending the future workshops. Kul Makkar Director ITA
Canada
Paul Calleri, Founder of TheGAAP.net
Larry Cooper, Founder of TFNCPA Toronto Accounting GroupSee more events