https://www.meetup.com/events-nyc-group/events/286398176
Paint In Central Park (Bucket List Event!), Sun, Jun 26, 2022, 1:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

Details*TO ATTEND GET TICKETS AT - https://www.eventbrite.com/e/323325584527
(*Prepay Only Event. Need to purchase in advance. )
Come join us in a creative, social, and safe setting. We will be painting in Central Park! No experience necessary! Painting in Central Park is a dream for many people around the world and you get the chance to experience it!
Included: a pre-sketched canvas, unlimited painting materials (brushes, acrylic paints etc.) and a take home bag. No smocks so please dress appropriately. Please bring something to sit on.
What to expect:
• Step-by-step, group-oriented painting instruction, which is designed to simultaneously entertain and enlighten our members.
• We'll have a professional artist guide you through a featured painting that is yours to keep and proudly display. And don’t worry — no experience is necessary.
• 2 hour course lead that teaches you the art of mixing colors, blending and painting techniques.
• All supplies provided - 12x16 pre-sketched canvas, unlimited acrylic paint (water based), brushes, and aprons.
DIRECTIONS TO FIND GROUP:
We are located in a cul-de-sac at PINETUM EAST. We will be behind this row of benches (right under the trees). If you are coming from the east side you can find us by entering Central Park on East 84th street. Walk up the ramp, cross over the road and head west. If you are traveling from the west side we are east of the basketball courts.
FAQs:
What if it rains? We will email attendees a rain date.
Can I still attend If I don't know how to paint? Yes, there's no experience necessary.
Can I come alone? Yes, about 80% come on their own.
Is this age specific? No, all are welcome.
Cost? $35-$45, price goes up as the event date gets closer. This event will sell out. Can't purchase at the door.
*TO ATTEND GET TICKETS AT - https://www.eventbrite.com/e/323325584527
See more upcoming events at: www.FriendzyEvents.comGREAT STUFF TO DO IN NYCSee more events