https://www.meetup.com/newyorkadventureclub/events/286630615
'200 Years of New York City Fashion' Webinar, Mon, Jul 11, 2022, 5:30 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsTickets: $10 (includes access to the full replay for one week)
Click the link below to officially register for this experience:
https://www.nyadventureclub.com/event/200-years-of-new-york-city-fashion-webinar-registration-360574346577/
Did you know that as recently as the 1960s, more than 95% of the apparel purchased within the United States was produced in New York City’s Garment District? While the bulk of today's garment manufacturing has moved overseas, the city still remains a powerful force in the globalized apparel industry, and a leading source of innovation — this is the story of fashion in New York, and the lives of the legendary designers, image-makers, and style icons who shaped American fashion over the past 200 years.
Join New York Adventure Club on a crash-course through the history of fashion in New York, from the revolutionary impact of its ready-to-wear garment industry in the 1800s, to its current role as a global fashion capital.
Led by fashion historians Sara Idacavage and Tessa Maffucci, this virtual presentation will include:
A deep dive into how New York designers challenged the dictatorship of French fashion, and developed a unique sense of style that became known as “The American Look”
An overview of New York’s most iconic fashion designers, from Claire McCardell to Tom Ford
A discussion about the importance of media in the rise of New York fashion
The history of New York as a shopping mecca, and how department stores and factories shaped the built environment that we still navigate
Stories of New York’s garment workers and laborers, which remind us that the fashion industry isn’t always glitz and glamour
See you there!
Once registered, you will receive a separate, automated email containing the link to join this webinar
**For the best possible viewing experience, please ensure you're using the latest version of your internet browser — Chrome and Firefox are the most compatible. Exact technical requirements and a webinar user guide will be shared in the automated confirmation email upon registration.
***A full replay will be available after the experience for all registered guests
About Sara & Tessa
Sara Idacavage is a fashion historian, archivist, and vintage collector with a background in fashion journalism. She currently teaches courses at Parsons School of Design, the Pratt Institute, and the Fashion Institute of Technology, and is an Associate Editor of The Fashion Studies Journal. Sara previously managed the Parsons Fashion Study Collection, served as an archivist for prominent American fashion designers, and worked in the costume collection at the Museum of the City of New York.
Tessa Maffucci is a fashion scholar whose research focuses on the relationship between fashion and labor. She is the Managing Director of Strategy at Custom Collaborative, a nonprofit that supports women from low-income communities in launching fashion careers. Tessa teaches at Pratt Institute and Parsons School of Design and is the recipient of the Made in NYC Fellowship, working on an ongoing digital humanities project about labor and making in New York's Garment Center.New York Adventure ClubSee more events