https://www.meetup.com/network-after-work-new-york-business-networking-events/events/286414629
New York City at The Long Room, Tue, Jul 26, 2022, 6:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsRSVP HERE
Join us for an exclusive, members-only evening out with other local business owners, entrepreneurs, executives, and career-minded professionals on Tuesday, July 26th at The Long Room.
Experience networking like never before! Network After Work, a leader in networking events, has changed the art of networking. With access to numerous in-person networking events, virtual networking events and live workshops each month, the opportunity to connect with the people you need just became that much easier. Learn and grow the skills you need through monthly workshops. Once in the community, you can even go back to learn from past workshops.


When: Tuesday, July 26th


Where: The Long Room | 120 West 44th St New York, NY 10036


There’s no reason to not be a part of the conversation with local business owners, entrepreneurs, executives, and career-minded professionals who can take your career to the next level!
We encourage you to invite your friends and colleagues! All are welcome to attend, whether you’re a seasoned pro-networker or are just getting started!
Why Should I Attend?

Increase your brand’s visibility
Meet Experts and Leaders Face to Face
Build relationships with like-minded people
Keep up with current trends
Have FUN!

What industries can I expect to meet?
Our events are not limited to one type of industry, you can expect to see an array of industries throughout the event including but not limited to

Marketing / Advertising
IT
Finance
Hospitality
Media
Retail/Consumer Goods
AND MORE!

Not a Member?
Become a part of one of the largest networking groups with over 100,00 attendees per year that is dedicated to providing high quality connections across the country. Whether you are networking to polish your self presentation skills, create brand awareness for your business, or help you build a strong network of like-minded individuals, Network After Work is the place for YOU.
By becoming a member for less than $4 a month you get exclusive access to:

12+ in-person monthly networking events
Access to the private online community
Complimentary ticket to any live chat, summit, webinar, or virtual networking event
Access to over 75 past workshops
Access to free resources and presentations
Exclusive LIVE Q&A Events with thought leaders
Priority customer service support


Network After Work's Membership Gives You the Opportunity to:

Connect with people at all levels
Learn and grow your current skills
Meet new, like-minded business professionals
Exchange ideas
Explore partnerships and business collaborations

COVID Guidelines:
To prepare for a safe and enjoyable experience Network After Work has the health and safety of our guests in mind at all times and has put the following Covid-19 protocols in place to ensure a contactless and safe event

We will follow the city of New York guidelines and recommendations
Masks will not be required if you're fully vaccinated; masks are encouraged if you aren't or if you're more comfortable with one on
We will have hand sanitizer available for use at the welcome table

Note: The following is allowed in lieu of handshaking: waving, head nods, elbow bump, thumbs up!Network After Work - New York Networking EventsSee more events