https://www.meetup.com/new-york-philosophy-of-japanese-buddhism-meetup-group/events/286598919
Women's Group to Share & Support Each Other With Dharma & Karma, Tue, Jul 5, 2022, 8:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsHope this message finds you well our friends.
We have had women request a women’s Dharma Workshop, so we’ve decided to try it. We will meet once a month on a Tuesday from 8 to 9 pm ET. The format will be brief self-introductions, a Dharma talk by Bita, followed by questions on the Dharma. If you’d like to join us, please send an email to BOTH bitae22@hotmail.comand itsadeal58@gmail.com. One email, two recipients is what we’re looking for. In your email, please tell us the following: (1) the names of the Dharma Lab meetups you usually attend, (2) about how many Buddhism meetups you have attended, and (3) where you consider yourself to be along your Buddhist path (e.g. I meditate 3 times a week; I have read extensively about Tibetan Buddhism; I chant twice a day every day; I tried Zen Buddhism, I clean my space every day, I join one of Bita and Yuichi’s meetups each week, etc.); (4) if you’re a contributing member, please let us know. Be sure to sign it with your whole name, especially if you have an email like “itsadeal58”! I don’t want to address you as Ms It Sadeal, that would be rude. Please join us, I think we can make it a good experience for everyone. I’m looking forward to it!
Feel free to write to us what you'd like to hear more of.
Last month we had about 10 women who joined us. You won't see all the RSVPs on this page so don't be discouraged by the few RSVPs here! See you soon.This event is about women's empowerment and moving on from a place of hurt to a place of leadership all thanks to the healing power of the Dharma.
--------
Once you RSVP, you will see the link to the Zoom meeting room. When you click the link and you Zoom application starts, then you'll be required to type the passcode. The passcode is 426646.NY Buddhism for Beginners Meetup GroupSee more events