https://www.meetup.com/professional-women-circle/events/286621539
Group Coaching for Women in Transition, Tue, Jul 12, 2022, 4:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

Details“The only constant in life is change”- Heraclitus
Unfortunately, our survival brain is wired to persist change, making a transition in life more challenging as we step into the unknown and deal with uncertainty.
This event is designed to support women in transition to overcome obstacles, get clear on their desired future, and find workable solutions that they can actually carry out one step and a time.
Whether You Are:

a professional who embarks a new job, career or life path and needs more support to clarify your next step;
an entrepreneur who plans to start or change the focus of your business;
or, someone who is in the midst of a life-changing experience and needs support and clarity.

You Want One Thing:

To live the life you truly want and, in the process of doing that, expand your capacity to connect with your heart, purpose and intuition while moving forward with ease.

What Happens During The Event:

We start with a quick round of introduction.
For an allotted amount of time, attendees have and opportunity to receive one-on-one coaching support.

What Do You Get:

A safe, supportive, and non-judgmental space for you to share, explore, reflect and make decisions.
Awareness, clarity, and workable solutions that feel authentic to you to move forward.

What is Coaching?
Coaching is a process that allows an individual to reflect and gain awareness of who they are, what is important to them, their strengths, challenges, options open to them, and what action to take to make the changes they want in their work, business or life.
Coaching builds awareness, empowers choice, and leads to change.
Who are Your Host and Coach:
Christine Samuel is an inner-work and well-being coach. She helps heart-centered women and leaders develop trust in their innate wisdom and intuition while navigating life transition and fulfillment with ease, clarity, and peace of mind.
She uses mindfulness, NLP, solution-focused brief coaching, somatic awareness, and neuroscience to support her clients.
She can naturally brings someone into their heart space where they experience peace, calm, clarity, and inner-connection with all that they are.
She lives in Toronto with her husband and two young kids. In her spare time, she takes East Indian Classical dance training.
Website:
https://innerworkmatters.com
Book a complimentary coaching session:
https://www.innerworkmatters.com/1-on-1-coaching
Free access to 2-Part Video Series: How to Navigate Transition with Ease and Clarity (The Secrets that Nobody Tell You): https://www.innerworkmatters.com/get-access
Course/Group Program:
Head to Heart Mastery Course: https://www.innerworkmatters.com/head-to-heart
Instagram:
https://www.instagram.com/christinesamuelhereWomen in TransitionSee more events