https://www.meetup.com/atlanta-technology-cofounders/events/286272570
Pitch Your Startup or Help a Founder, Sat, Jun 25, 2022, 2:00 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsWelcome to Startup Oasis!
If you are a startup founder, you are in the right place!
If you are a startup founder, investor, developer, marketer, or anyone else in the tech ecosystem looking to start, join, or help a tech startup, this event is for you! 4-6 founders pitch their startup to the audience, then they will join their own breakout room to get feedback from the audience. People have been able to start a business as a result of this process.
If you would like to pitch, please fill out this form:
https://forms.gle/KS2Faz4MTKKMGhRn8
The event will start promptly at 2 PM, and networking will be open for the first 15 minutes. If you would like to pitch, please message the host during this time. During the next half hour, 4-6 founders will pitch their idea to the audience (4 minute cutoff time, then 1-2 minutes for audience questions). Then we will have each founder join their own breakout room, and attendees can help the founders with ideas, strategies, and tactics for the remainder of the time! You can also network with other attendees in the networking tab.
Schedule (see on Hopin as well):
2:00 PM EST (11:00 AM PST, 18:00 GMT, 5:00 AM AEDT): Doors Open/Networking
2:15: Founders Pitch
2:35 - 4:00: Founders break off into break-out rooms and attendees can move around and help one for the remainder of the time, similar to a hackathon. There is also a networking tab for other attendees to network with each other 1 on 1.
Follow us on LinkedIn to stay up to date for future events:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/startup-oasis-global
Sign up for our "payday newsletter" (which goes out twice per month before each meetup) to stay up to date for future events and connect with the founders that pitched at the last event: https://mailchi.mp/1a83f443c5ed/startupoasis
Startup Oasis was created to pierce the illusion of accessibility of startups and tech by creating a grassroots forum for early-stage founders to pitch to those in the tech ecosystem to get real-time feedback for their idea or business.Atlanta Tech Co-FoundersSee more events