https://www.meetup.com/code-labs-academy-nyc-coding-bootcamp/events/286462725
Women in Tech: Jitte Dingenouts, Thu, Jul 7, 2022, 12:30 PM   | Meetup
--no date--

DetailsIn July, CLA is all about women. And because not every woman has the opportunity to realize her dreams, we at CLA aim to offer courses for everyone. That's one of the reasons we offer every course remotely.
We organized three online events with women who work in the tech industry. Each of them has their own story, each of them has their own path, and of course each of them has their own professional experience and projects.
At each event, a speaker will share her experiences as a woman in tech, what drives her, what she has worked on, and what motivates her.
Our first guest is Jitte Dingenouts, Data Scientist at IG&H in the Netherlands, and here's what she has to say about herself and her presentation on Thursday, July 7:
„Hi everyone, my name is Jitte Dingenouts and I am a Data Scientist at IG&H in the Netherlands. I did both my Bachelor and Master in Econometrics in Rotterdam, and have been combining my passion for consulting and data science for a few years now. During this presentation I will first talk about my experience with joining a career field that is mostly dominated by men. Then, I will show you how I used my data science skills to create a positive social impact by predicting floods in Kenya and Uganda in collaboration with the Red Cross.“
To get to know more about Jitte and her work just sign up for the event and be there on Thursday, July 7th at 18:30 (CET).
The following two events will take place on Thursday, July 14, and Thursday, July 21.

Thursday, July 14: Maryia Ivanina, Software Engineer at Google in Zurich, Switzerland: she will talk about her journey in the tech industry and her roles from Software Engineer to Data Scientist to start as a Softwar Engineer - Data Analyst.
Thursday, July 21: Laura Gavrila, UX/UI Designer at 3Shape in Copenhagen, Denmark: she will talk about how to motivate yourself to choose the career you want, even if you have a different background.
Thursday, July 28: Kornelija Ralyte, Data Scientist at Ramboll, Copenhagen, Denmark: she will talk about how it's never too late to change careers and her path from a psychology student to a Data Scientiest.
Code Labs Academy NYC - Coding BootcampSee more events